February 26, 2020

ARK Diagnostics, Inc.   
Thomas Houts, Ph.D.   
Director, Quality, Regulatory and Planning 48089 Fremont Boulevard   
Fremont, CA 94538

Re: k200197 Trade/Device Name: ARKTM Fentanyl II Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: January 24, 2020 Received: January 27, 2020

Dear Thomas Houts:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, M.T., Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k200197

Device Name ARK™ Fentanyl II Assay

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed positive analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K200197.

807.92 (a)(1): Name:

# ARK Diagnostics, Inc.

Address:

48089 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA 94538 USA

Owner Operator Number: 10027663   
Establishment Registration: 3005755244

Phone: (510) 270-6270   
FAX: (510) 270-6298   
Contact: Thomas Houts, Ph.D. – (510) 270-6296 Director, Quality, Regulatory and Planning

Date Prepared: February 25, 2020

# 807.92 (a)(2): Device name – trade name and common name, and classification

Trade Name: ARK™ Fentanyl II Assay Common Name: Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiate Test System

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate device

ARKTM Fentanyl Assay – k180427

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay technique used for the analysis of a specific compound in human urine. The assay is based on competition between drug in the specimen and drug labeled with recombinant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (rG6PDH) for antibody binding sites. As the latter binds antibody, enzyme activity decreases. In the presence of drug from the specimen, enzyme activity increases and is directly related to the drug concentration. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH in the presence of glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically. Endogenous serum G6PDH does not interfere because the coenzyme NAD functions only with the bacterial enzyme used in the assay.

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay consists of reagents R1 anti-fentanyl monoclonal antibodies with substrate and R2 fentanyl derivative labeled with bacterial recombinant G6PDH enzyme.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use / Indications for Use

# ARK Fentanyl II Assay

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The ARK Fentanyl II Assay provides only preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed positive analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARATIVE TABLE

Comparison between the $\mathbf { A R K ^ { T M } }$ Fentanyl Assay and the $\mathbf { A R K ^ { T M } }$ Fentanyl II Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceARKTM Fentanyl Assay (k180427)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARKTM Fentanyl II Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous enzyme immunoassay(EIA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative detection of fentanylin human urine at a cutoff concentrationof 1.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically at 340 nm.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>User Environment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical laboratories; Prescription useonly</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MassSpectrometryConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required to confirm preliminarypositive analytical results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid - Ready to use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) reagent system:Antibody/substrate reagent andenzyme labeled conjugateSodium azide preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceARKTM Fentanyl Assay (k180427)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARKTM Fentanyl II Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit polyclonal antibodies tofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit monoclonal antibodies tofentanyl</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Fentanyl II Assay

# 807.92 (b)(1) and 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Nonclinical and Clinical Data

The following performance characteristics were obtained on the Beckman Coulter $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U 6 8 0 } } ^ { \mathfrak { B } }$ automated clinical chemistry analyzer.

# Precision

Precision studies were performed using CLSI EP05-A3 as a guideline. Drug-free, negative human urine was supplemented with fentanyl (0.00 to $2 . 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ). Each level was assayed in quadruplicate twice a day for 20 days $\mathrm { ( N { = } } 1 6 0$ ). Results are summarized in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative %Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativePrecisionResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84 Negative;76 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

All compounds tested were added to drug-free, negative human urine.

The cross-reactivity of the following metabolites and structural analogs of fentanyl was evaluated by spiking these compounds into drug-free, negative human urine and evaluated by dose-response to determine the approximate equivalence to the $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ fentanyl cutoff. These concentrations were used to determine the percent cross-reactivity according to the formula:

$\%$ Cross-reactivity $=$ (Cutoff concentration / Concentration approximately equivalent to the 1.0   
$\mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff) X 100

For the compounds Alfentanil and Remifentanil that did not produce a positive result, the highest concentration tested was used to calculate percent cross-reactivity.

Norfentanyl (Major Metabolite)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCrossreactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl (Major Metabolite)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td></tr></table>

Other Metabolites and Structural Analogs of Fentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationApproximatelyEquivalent tothe Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PercentCrossreactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.91</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.67</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluorobutyryl fentanyl (p-FBF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.48</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.53</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.06</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-3-cis-methyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.69</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>448.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.21</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,362</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.01</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38,196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.003</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001</td></tr></table>

The following opioids, structurally similar compounds, and functional analogs were negative at the concentrations tested in the ARK Fentanyl II Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine (Talwin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipamperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-Hydroxyrisperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>M-Chlorophenylpiperazine(m-CPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tilidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-O-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-N-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

High concentrations of the following structurally unrelated compounds were added into fentanylspiked urine $( \pm ~ 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). The substances listed below did not yield a false result relative to the cutoff.

Page 5-7 of 5-10   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methaqualone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Fentanyl II Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50%Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# Interference – Endogenous Substances

Interference studies were performed using CLSI EP07-A3 as a guideline. High concentrations of the following endogenous substances were added into fentanyl-spiked urine $( \pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Fentanyl II Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NaCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# Interference – Specific Gravity and pH

Urine samples with specific gravity values from 1.002 to $1 . 0 3 0 ~ \mathrm { g / m L }$ and $\mathsf { p H }$ values ranging from 3.0 to 11.0 were tested in the presence of the two levels of fentanyl at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Fentanyl II Assay.

# Interference – Boric Acid

One percent $( 1 \% )$ w/v of boric acid was tested into fentanyl-spiked urine $( \pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). Results are provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 ng/mL(-50% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 ng/mL(+50% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Fentanyl II Assay   
Page 5-8 of 5-10

The device labeling includes the following limitation: "Do not use Boric Acid as a preservative."

# Method Comparison

A total of one hundred forty seven (147) unaltered clinical urine specimens that are not individually identifiable were analyzed for fentanyl with the ARK Fentanyl II Assay and by LCMS/MS. The LC-MS/MS confirmatory method was performed by a licensed reference laboratory and used a fentanyl cutoff of $0 . 2 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Specimens were tested with the ARK Fentanyl II Assay in single replicates on a Beckman Coulter AU680 analyzer and compared to results obtained by LC-MS/MS. Groups of up to 31 specimens were assayed per run. Each run was verified by assaying the bi-level ARK Fentanyl Controls $\mathrm { ( 0 . 5 \ n g / m L }$ and $1 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) as quality control samples.

Results are summarized as follows:

<table><tr><td>ARK Result</td><td>Low Negative Less than 50% below the Cutoff (&lt; 0.5 ng/mL by LC-</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative Between 50% below the Cutoff and the Cutoff (0.5 - 0.9 ng/mL by LC-</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive Between the Cutoff and 50% above the Cutoff (1.0  1.5 ng/mL by</td><td>High Positive Greater than 50% above the Cutoff (&gt; 1.5 ng/mL by LC-</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>MS/MS) 1*</td><td>MS/MS) 21</td><td>LC-MS/MS) 11</td><td>MS/MS) 62</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>50</td><td>2</td><td>0</td><td>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results

\*Norfentanyl was detected in this discordant sample (Sample ID $\# 0 5 2 )$ and contributed to the positive result obtained with the ARK Fentanyl Assay for this sample.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample IDNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARK ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl(ng/mL by LC-MS/MS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl(ng/mL by LC-MS/MS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>052*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>425.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>056</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>072</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>074</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>055</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.9</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Fentanyl II Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample IDNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARK ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl(ng/mL by LC-MS/MS)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl(ng/mL by LC-MS/MS)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>066</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>064</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>053</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>054</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.4</td></tr></table>

# Traceability and Value Assignment

ARK Fentanyl Calibrators and Controls are prepared by volumetric dilution of high purity fentanyl (certified solution traceable to HPLC) into non-sterile, processed human urine free of fentanyl. Testing is performed with the ARK Fentanyl II Assay on the Beckman Coulter AU680 automated clinical chemistry analyzer, calibrated with the ARK Fentanyl Calibrator.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical Testing

As summarized above, the ARK Fentanyl II Assay system was shown to be substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, ARK Fentanyl Assay system: k180427.