August 7, 2020

Lin-Zhi International, Inc.   
Bernice Lin   
VP Operations   
2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051

Re: K201938 Trade/Device Name: LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: July 8, 2020 Received: July 13, 2020

Dear Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k201938

Device Name LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative determination of norfentanyl in human urine at the cutoff value of $5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number

# Prepared On

July 2, 2020

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, and Contact:

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051 Phone: (408) 970-8811 Fax: (408) 970-9030 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates Class II, DJG (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3650

Common Name:

Homogeneous Fentanyl Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the LZI Fentanyl Enzyme Immunoassay (k181159) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with readyto-use liquid reagents. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. The drug-labeled G6PDH conjugate is traceable to a commercially available fentanyl standard and referred to as fentanyl-labeled G6PDH conjugate. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, fentanyl-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug; the unbound fentanyllabeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathsf { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \sf R } _ { 2 }$ , which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit. The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is traceable to a commercially available fentanyl standard.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-fentanyl antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \mathrm { ~ \% ~ } )$ as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with fentanyl in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

# Intended Use

The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative determination of norfentanyl in human urine at the cutoff value of $5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. $\pmb { A }$ more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatograpy and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the LZI Fentanyl Enzyme Immunoassay which was cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k181159 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares the LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeviceCharacteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Subject DeviceLZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device (k181159)LZI Fentanyl Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Fentanyl II EnzymeImmunoassay is intended for thequalitative determination of norfentanyl inhuman urine at the cutoff value of 5ng/mL when calibrated againstnorfentanyl. The assay is designed forprofessional use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of norfentanyl inurine. The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result.&quot;A more specific alternativechemical method must be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or liquidchromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS orLC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The LZI Fentanyl Enzyme Immunoassayis intended for the qualitativedetermination of norfentanyl in humanurine at the cutoff value of 5 ng/mL whencalibrated against norfentanyl. The assayis designed for professional use with anumber of automated clinical chemistryanalyzers.This assay provides a rapid screening procedurefor determining the presence of norfentanyl inurine. The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result.&quot; A more specific alternativechemical method must be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas or liquidchromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS orLC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration and professional judgmentshould be exercised with any drug of abuse testresult, particularly when the preliminary test resultis positive.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>norfentanyl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratorLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Controls Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 ng/mL and 6.25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 ng/mL and 6.25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentused forperformanceValidation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter® AU480 automatedclinical analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Beckman Coulter® AU680 automatedclinical analyzer</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: All ${ \displaystyle 5 1 0 ( { \bf k } ) }$ studies below were conducted on the Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# Precision: $\bf { 5 } \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The assay was tested in qualitative (ΔOD, mAU) mode using a modified NCCLS-EP5 protocol. Norfentanyl sample concentrations were prepared by spiking a norfentanyl standard into a pool of negative human urine at concentrations $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration.

Results shown below were obtained by testing all samples in replicate of two, two runs a day (one in the morning and one in the afternoon) for 22 days on one Beckman Coulter® AU480 automated clinical analyzer for a total of 88 replicates. Samples were evaluated against the cutoff calibrator in qualitative mode. One single lot of reagents, calibrators, and controls were used and stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ when not in use.

Precision: $\mathbf { 5 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff Precision: Qualitative, results in ΔOD (mAU)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>NorfentanylConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%CV</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CV</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.3 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>128.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>171.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0 %</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>5 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NorfentanylConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13 Neg/9 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59 Neg/29 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

Method Comparison - Clinical Samples:

A total of one hundred (100) unaltered clinical samples were tested with the LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay on the Beckman Coulter® AU480 automated clinical analyzer. Samples were evaluated against the cutoff calibrator in qualitative mode. All samples were tested in singlet.

All samples were confirmed with LC/MS for norfentanyl concentrations. Samples were collected by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. and from various clinical labs including University of California, San Francisco (UCSF) (San Francisco, CA), Northwest Physicians Labs (NWPL) (Bellevue, Washington), Soloniuk Pain Clinic (Redding, CA), and Calgary Labs (Calgary, Canada).

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

Discrepant samples determined when comparing LC/MS norfentanyl results with the LZI Fentanyl II EIA results on the Beckman Coulter® AU480 automated clinical analyzer.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFEN Results5 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentration byLC/MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration byLC/MS analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive (Betweenthe cutoff and 50% above the cutoffconcentration byLC/MS analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than 50% above thecutoffconcentration byLC/MS analysis)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive(at or above thecutoff by EIAanalysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative(below the cutoffby EIA analysis)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSNorfentanyl(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AU480 EIAQualitativeResult(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeCutoff Rate(mAU)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>204.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.0</td></tr></table>

\* Values are discrepant below the cutoff concentration $( 0 \mathrm { n g / m L - 4 . 9 n g / m L ) }$

These samples contained levels of fentanyl that contributed to the false positive result.

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# Cross-reactivity

The cross-reactivity of various potentially interfering drugs were tested by spiking various concentrations of each substance into a pool of negative human urine and then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in qualitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates. Percent cross-reactivity was calculated by dividing the cutoff concentration by the lowest concentration of the compound where the assay response was near cutoff positive $\textbf { x } 1 0 0$ .

The table below lists the concentration of each test compound that gave a response approximately equivalent to that of the cutoff calibrator (as positive) or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response below the response of the cutoff calibrator (as negative). Compounds tested at high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ ) with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND).

# Fentanyl and Metabolites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Result(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeCutoff Rate(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.58 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr></table>

# Structurally Related Compounds:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Result(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeCutoff Rate(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-Isobutyryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-Hydroxy Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.43 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.50 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cis- d,I 3-Methyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.50 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopropyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.25 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopropyl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl Fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.91 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.78 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) β-Hydroxy ThioFentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyacetyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142.86 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MT-45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

Cross-reactivity, continued Structurally Related Compounds, continued:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Result(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeCutoff Rate(mAU)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-benzyl FuranylNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.45 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-benzyl Para-fluoroNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil Oxalate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.58 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro Butyryl Fentanyl(p-FBF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.11 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.25 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thienyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.25 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trans- d,I 3-Methyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83.33 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U-47700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.14 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxy Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67 %</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# Cross-reactivity, continued

Structurally unrelated compounds were additionally spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations (as described above). These solutions were then split into three portions; one without norfentanyl, and the remaining two that were further spiked with norfentanyl standards to a final norfentanyl concentration of $3 . 7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $6 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in qualitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates. Compounds tested at high concentration $\mathrm { 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L ) }$ with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND).

nterference was observed with Dextromethorphan at $4 0 { , } 0 0 0 \ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . No other significant cross-reactivity was observed.

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amlodipine Besylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cetirizine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer Cross-reactivity, continued Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duloxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loratidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDA(3,4-methylene-dioxyamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA(3,4-methylene-dioxymethamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer Cross-reactivity, continued Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalmefene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1S,2S)-(+)Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quetiapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC-COOH(11-Nor-Delta-9-THC-9-carboxylic acid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>l-Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

It is possible that other substances and/or factors not listed above may interfere with the test and cause false results, e.g., technical or procedural errors

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference:

Endogenous and Preservative compounds were spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations. These solutions were then split into three portions; one without norfentanyl, and the remaining two that were further spiked with norfentanyl standards to a final norfentanyl concentration of $3 . 7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $6 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in qualitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Biotin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Chloride (CaCl2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine (pooled)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofCompound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LZI Urine-base Calibrator Buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

The following endogenous and preservative compounds which showed interference at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of cutoff concentrations were then spiked into negative urine and at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration $2 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $7 . 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) for the assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration ofCompound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(2.5 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(7.5 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr></table>

Interference was observed with Boric Acid at $1 \% \mathrm { w / v }$ . No other significant cross-reactants or endogenous/preservative substance interference was observed.

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# Specific Gravity Interference:

Samples ranging in specific gravity from 1.000 to 1.027 were split into three portions each and either left un-spiked or further spiked to a final norfentanyl concentration of either $3 . 7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $6 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in qualitative mode. No interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravityValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter® AU480 Analyzer

# pH Interference:

Negative urine and urine spiked with norfentanyl to the final norfentanyl concentration of either $3 . 7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $6 . 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively) were adjusted to the following $\mathsf { p H }$ levels and tested by the assay. The $\mathsf { p H }$ adjusted solutions were evaluated in qualitative mode.

No major interference was observed between pH 3 to pH 11. Results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLNorfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(3.75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Norfentanyl Cutoff(6.25 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this pre-market notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Fentanyl II Enzyme Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.