June 25, 2021

Psychemedics Corporation   
Neil Stowe   
Principal Scientist   
5832 Uplander Way   
Culver City, California 90230

Re: K201228 Trade/Device Name: Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Cocaine in Hair Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3250 Regulation Name: Cocaine and Cocaine Metabolite Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JXO Dated: October 26, 2020 Received: October 27, 2020

Dear Neil Stowe:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K201228

Device Name Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Cocaine in Hair

Indications for Use (Describe) The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for cocaine in hair is an enzyme immunoassay for the preliminary qualitative detection of cocaine in human head and body hair using a cocaine calibrator of $5 \mathrm { n g / 1 0 \mathrm { m g } }$ hair for the purpose of identifying cocaine use. This product is intended exclusively for in-house professional use and not for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics EIA Cocaine Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm positive results, a more specific alternate chemical method (e.g. LC/MS/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgement should be applied to the interpretation of any drug-of-abuse test result.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is:

k201228

# Submitted By:

# Submission Contact:

Neil Stowe

# Date Prepared:

10-26-2020

Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Cocaine in Hair

# Predicate Device:

Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Cocaine in Hair, k111925

# Product Code:

JXO

# Device/Classification Name:

21 CFR 862.3250 Cocaine and Cocaine Metabolite Test System, Classification II

# Intended Use:

The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for cocaine in hair is an enzyme immunoassay for the preliminary qualitative detection of cocaine in human head and body hair using a cocaine calibrator of $5 \mathrm { n g / l 0 \mathrm { m g } }$ hair for the purpose of identifying cocaine use. This product is intended exclusively for inhouse professional use and is not for sale to anyone.

The Psychemedics HEIA Cocaine Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. To confirm positive results, a more specific alternate chemical method (e.g. LC/MS/MS) must be used. Clinical consideration and professional judgement should be applied to the interpretation of any drug-of-abuse test result.

# Device Description:

The homogeneous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA) test consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to extract cocaine from the solid hair matrix to a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay, the Psychemedics Cocaine HEIA. The screening portion of the test system is based on competition for antibody binding sites between drug in the measurable liquid matrix and drug-labeled recombinant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH). As the antibody binds labeled G6PDH, enzyme activity decreases. In the presence of drug, enzyme activity increases in direct proportion to the drug concentration. Active enzyme reduces nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH in the presence of glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically.

The Psychemedics Cocaine HEIA consists of reagents R1 (anti-cocaine monoclonal antibody with substrate) and R2 (cocaine labeled recombinant G6PDH).

Sample Collection and Stability: A sample of hair should be cut as close as possible to the skin. The hair is placed in a V-shaped aluminum foil sample holder with the root end of the hair protruding beyond the slanted edge of the foil. The aluminum foil is crimped around the sample, securing the hair specimen firmly into place within the foil. The hair sample, crimped within the foil, is placed in a sample acquisition card envelope and the envelope is sealed with a tamper-evident seal. Hair specimens are kept at ambient temperature in a secure location until they are shipped without refrigeration to the laboratory. Stability of cocaine in hair samples stored at room temperature has been shown for approximately 6 months. Cocaine in samples shipped coast-to-coast twice was stable.

# Materials Required:

Hair sample collection kit, HEIA for Cocaine, automated clinical chemistry analyzer, LC/MS/MS for confirmation.

# Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics Cocaine Assay,k111925</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications/Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Psychemedics homogeneousenzyme immunoassay for cocainein hair is an enzyme immunoassayfor the preliminary qualitativedetection of cocaine in human headand body hair using a cocainecalibrator of 5 ng/10 mg hair for thepurpose of identifying cocaine use.This product is intendedexclusively for in-houseprofessional use and not for sale toanyone.The Psychemedics EIA CocaineAssay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. To confirmpositive results, a more specificalternate chemical method (e.g.LC/MS/MS) must be used. Clinicalconsideration and professionaljudgement should be applied to theinterpretation of any drug-of-abusetest result.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Psychemedics Microplate EIAfor Cocaine is an enzymeimmunoassay (EIA) for thepreliminary qualitative detection ofcocaine in human head and bodyhair samples using a cocainecalibrator at 5 ng/10 mg hair cutofffor the purpose of identifyingcocaine use. This product isintended exclusively for in-houseprofessional use and not for sale toanyone. The test is not intended forover-the-counter sale to non-professionals.The Psychemedics EIA CocaineAssay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. To confirmpositive results, a more specificalternate chemical method (e.g.LC/MS/MS) must be used. Clinicalconsideration and professionaljudgement should be applied to theinterpretation of any drug-of-abusetest result.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXO</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measurand</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics HomogeneousEnzyme Immunoassay for Cocainein Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics Microplate EIA forCocaine in Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method of Measurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer at 340 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate Reader at 450 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Extraction Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acidic aqueous buffer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Patented Digestion Method</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confirmation Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS</td></tr></table>

Performance Testing Summary: Precision studies were performed by spiking negative hair with previously LC/MS/MS validated calibrator and control solutions to achieve concentrations of negative, the cutoff calibrator of $5 \mathrm { n g }$ cocaine $/ 1 0 ~ \mathrm { m g }$ hair, and $+ / - 7 5 \% , + / -$ $50 \%$ and $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff calibrator.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary Intra-Assay Precision</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>SummaryInter-Assay Precision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity Summary:

The cross reactivity of the following metabolites and cocaine structural analogs was evaluated by determining the minimum concentration that would result approximately equivalent to the $5 . 0 \mathrm { n g }$ cocaine/ $\mathrm { 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair cutoff.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cross Reactivities of Structurally Related Compounds and Metabolites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Equivalent to5.0 ng Cocaine/10 mg Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine Methyl Ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Anhydroecgonine Methyl Ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;500</td></tr></table>

The following compounds were shown to have no cross reactivity in the Cocaine assay.

Lisinopril Dihydrate, Atropine, Bupropion, Cotinine, Cannabinol, Chlorpheniramine Maleate, O-Desmethylvenlafaxine, Desipiramine, Doxylamine Succinate, 1S, 2R-Ephedrine, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,RPseudoepedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine HCl, 8-(-)11-nor-9- carboxy-delta 9 THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9 THC, Amoxicillin, Propanolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Dimenhydrinate, Metanephrin, Carbamazepine, Diazepine, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, Acetominophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, Amphetamine, Cetrizine DiHCl, Imipramine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Phenylpropanolamine, Amitryptiline, Bupivacaine HCl, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Pheynylephrine, Triamterene, Ethosuximide, Alpha-methyl-alpha-propyl succinimide, Metharbital, Barbital, Mehsuximde, Phensuximide, N-Normethsuximide, Mephyton, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10, 11- Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone, Butabarbital, Amobarbital, Secobarbital, Hexobarbital, Azithromyocin Dihydrate, Glutethimide, Methaqualone, Diazepam, Chlorpromazine, Flurazepam, AM-2201, JWH-019, JWH-081, JWH-122, CP47,497 $( + / - )$ , CP47, 497 $( + / - )$ , C8 Homologue, HU-211, JWH-200, JWH-250, Ibuprofen,

Ephinephrine $( + / - )$ , Norephenephrine $( + / - )$ , Metanephrine $( + / - )$ , Normetanephrine $( + / - )$ , Vanilmandelic Acid $( + / - )$ , 5-Hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, Homovanillic acid, Alprazolam, Cimetidine, Citalopram HBr, Clonazepam, Clopidogrel bisulfate, Fluconazole, hydrochlorothiazide, Lamotrigeine, L-Thyroxine, Methylphenidate HCl, Omeprazole, Levetiracetam, Sertaline HCl, Topiramate, Zolpidem Tartrate, Zonisamide, Amlopidine Besylate Atorvastatin Calcium Salt

# Interference:

The following compounds were shown to have no interference in the cocaine assay.

Atropine, Bupropion, Cotinine, Cannabinol, Chlorpheniramine maleate, ODesmethylvenlafaxine, Desipiramine, Doxylamine Succinate, 1S, 2R Ephedrine, Anhydroecgonine methyl ester, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphen, R,mR-Pseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine HCl, 8-(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-delta-9 THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9 THC,Amoxicillin, Propanolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Ecgonine, Metanephrin, Glutethimide, Meprobamate, Methyprylon, Carbamazepine, Diazepam, Nordiazepam, Oxazapam, Acetominophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, Amitryptiline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Ethosuximde, $\mathfrak { a }$ -Methyl$\mathfrak { a }$ -Propylsuccinimde, Metharbital, Barbital, Methsuximide, Phensuximide, NNormethylsuximde, Mephenytoin, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10, 11-Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, Carbamazepine, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone, Glutethimide, Methaqualone, Chlorpromazine, Flurazepam, AM-2201, JWH-019, JWH-081, JWH-122, CP47, 497 $( \pm )$ , CP 47, 497 $( \pm )$ C8 Homologue, HU-211, JWH-200, JWH-250, Acetominophen, Caffeine, Chlorpheniramine, Ibuprogen, Naproxen, R,R-(-)-Pseudoepedrine, Epinephrine $( \pm )$ , Metanephrine $( \pm )$ , Normetanephrine $( \pm )$ , Alprazolam, Cimetidine, Citalopram HBr, Clonazepam, Clopidogrel Bisulfate, Fluconazole, Hydorchlorothiazide, Lamotrigine, L-Thyroxine, Methylphenidate HCl, Omeprazole, Amlopidine Besylate, Atorvastatin Calcium Salt, Azithromycin Dihydrate, Bupivacaine HCl Monohydrate, Cetirizine DiHCl, Dimenhydrinate, Lisinopril Dihydrate, Propanolol, Benzocaine, Metanephrin

# Calibrator:

Psychemedics prepares calibrators and control materials using drug stocks purchased from a commercial vendor. Each lot of drug is received with its specific certificate of analysis. The commercially obtained stock is made into calibrators and controls to the desired concentrations. The concentrations are confirmed by LC/MS/MS.

# Sample Shipping Stability During Storage:

Five cocaine positive samples remained positive after approximately 6 months in storage and after shipping twice coast-to-coast.

Recovery:

The hair sample preparation for the screening HEIA is a phosphate buffer extraction procedure. Recovery of cocaine in the method was shown on average to be at least $8 1 \%$ complete after 2 hours.

# Cosmetic Treatments:

Ten cocaine-negative head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without treatments. In each case of the 10 samples treated with a type of cosmetic treatment, all samples remained negative after the treatments.

Seven cocaine-positive head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without the treatments. In each case, the samples remained positive after the treatments.

# Comparison Studies:

# Study 1:

Samples positive or negative for cocaine were identified using the Psychemedics cocaine microplate assay (k111925), and then tested with the test device, the Psychemedics HEIA for cocaine in hair. The test device (assay) has been validated using 215 individual hair samples collected anonymously from a workplace setting. One hundred and twenty-three negative samples and 92 positive samples were identified by the immunoassays.

The stored hair samples were then tested using Psychemedics’ LC/MS/MS confirmatory assay, to compare the Psychemedics HEIA results with the washed LC/MS/MS results. The studies comparing the HEIA with washed LC/MS/MS documented the source of hair (head or body) and other demographics as available. The comparison of the Psychemedics Cocaine HEIA with washed LC/MS/MS is shown in the following tables.

Discordant Results: Positive HEIA/Negative LC/MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 1. Comparison of Cocaine HEIA Screening Results with LC/MS/MS of Washed Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC/MS/MS Result, ng Cocaine/10 mg hair (% of cutoff calibrator)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 2.50 (&lt; 50%below cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50 - 4.99 (≥ 50%below cutoff tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 - 7.50 (cutoffto ≥ 50% abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 7.50 (&gt; 50%above cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Washing of hair before confirmation: exclusion of potential environmental contamination and/or sweat-derived drug from hair analysis results can result in APPARENT discordant results. Ingested drugs are present in perspiration, which settles on the hair and requires removal if the hair analysis result is to reflect amount of drug ingested rather than exposure to the sweat-derived drug. Drug could also be present as a result of environmental contamination (e.g., powder, smoke). Hair is not washed prior to screening, as it would not be reasonable to wash hundreds of negative hair samples; i.e., samples that are negative without washing. Thus, it is expected that the washing performed before LC/MS/MS confirmation of presumptive positives removes external drug and the confirmation results may then be lower than the screening may have predicted without the consideration of sweat-derived drug and/or drug from environmental contamination.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 2. Discordant Results Between HEIA and Washed LC/MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS Result (ngCocaine/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.49</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Samples are screened by HEIA without hair washing.LC/MS/MS is performed only after washing once withisopropanol, 3 times 30 minutes with 0.01 Mphosphate buffer and 2 times with 0.01 M phosphatebuffer for 60 minutes. Thus, it is expected that somesamples will be negative by LC/MS/MS after washing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27</td></tr></table>

# Study 2:

An additional set of samples were identified using the Psychemedics cocaine microplate assay and the test device. These samples were tested using Psychemedics’ LC/MS/MS confirmatory assay both with and without prior washing of the samples, to compare the Psychemedics HEIA results with unwashed LC/MS/MS results and washed LC/MS/MS results. The studies comparing the HEIA with unwashed and washed LC/MS/MS documented the source of hair (head or body) and other demographics as available. The comparison of the Psychemedics Cocaine HEIA with unwashed and washed LC/MS/MS is shown in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 3. Comparison of Cocaine HEIA Screening Results with Unwashed Cocaine LC/MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC/MS/MS Result, ng Cocaine/10 mg hair (% of cutoff calibrator)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 2.50 (&lt; 50%below cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50 - 4.99 (≥ 50%below cutoff tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 - 7.50 (cutoffto ≤ 50% abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 7.50 (&gt; 50%above cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Table 4. Comparison of Cocaine HEIA Screening Results with Washed Cocaine LC/MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC/MS/MS Result, ng Cocaine/10 mg hair (% of cutoff calibrator)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 2.50 (&lt; 50%below cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50 - 4.99 (≥ 50%below cutoff tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.00 - 7.50 (cutoffto ≤ 50% abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 7.50 (&gt; 50%above cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results: Positive HEIA/Negative LC/MS/MS

Two samples in the second study were positive by HEIA and Negative by unwashed and washed LC/MS/MS. Both samples confirmed within $1 5 \%$ of the LC/MS/MS cutoff when unwashed. After washing, both samples decreased in cocaine concentration.

Table 5. Discordant Results Between HEIA and Unwashed LC/MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS Result (ngCocaine/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Although samples 1 and 2 confirmed negative afterscreening positive, they confirmed within 15% of the 5ng/10 mg cocaine LC/MS/MS cutoff.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td></tr></table>

Table 6. Discordant Results Between HEIA and Washed LC/MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS/MS Result (ngCocaine/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Samples 1 and 2 confirmed negative after screeningpositive and washing before LC/MS/MS. Confirmationof these samples after washing found a decrease incocaine concentration relative to the unwashedsamples.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Table 7. Comparison of Unwashed and Washed Samples</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unwashed LC/MS/MS(ng Cocaine/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Washed LC/MS/MS (ngCocaine/10 mg hair)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.75</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Both samples 1 and 2 had a decrease incocaine concentration after washing.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.27</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Table 8. Unwashed and Washed Comparison Study Sample Characteristics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Hair Source</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Gender</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Hair Color</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Head</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Body</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Male</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Female</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brown</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Black</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salt/Pepper</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>79</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr></table>

# Conclusion:

The Psychemedics HEIA for cocaine in hair is substantially equivalent based on acceptable performance studies, including precision, specificity and interference (including cosmetic effects).