July 27, 2021

Psychemedics Corporation   
Neil Stowe   
Principal Scientist   
5832 Uplander Way   
Culver City, California 90230

Re: K201326 Trade/Device Name: Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Opiates in Hair, Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Oxycodone in Hair Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: January 5, 2021 Received: January 6, 2021

Dear Neil Stowe:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K201326

Device Name Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Opiates in Hair Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Oxycodone in Hair

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA) foropiates in hair is an enzymeimmunoassay or the preliminary qualitative detection of opiates in human head and body hair using a morphine calibrator at $2 \mathrm { n g }$ morphine/10 mhairorhe purposeentiyipiate Thi sannviiagosti evitenexcusiv ycemeicusnly nds nointendeor le anyoneThe sychemeichomoeneousenzymms ue u rdebtaicoirmnalytial esul iquiroraph/Mass Spermey/Mass Specrme L/ MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

The Psychemedics homogeneous enzym mmuoassay (HEIA) for oxycodone in hair an enzyme mmunassay  the preliminary qualitative detection ofoxycodone in human head and body hair using an oxycodone calibrator $2 ~ \mathrm { n g }$ oxycodone $\mathrm { 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair for the purpose of identifying opioid use. This is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for ychemedc use nly annotitended r al  anyone.The sychemedc homeneous ezymeas buseorderbtai conieanalytial eul. Liquid hroaraphy/Mass Specrmery/Mass Specy (LC/MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is: k201326

# Submitted By:

Psychemedics Corporation 5832 Uplander Way Culver City, CA 90230 TEL: 310 216 7776 FAX: 310 216 6662

# Submission Contact:

Neil Stowe

# Date Prepared:

July 26, 2021

Device Trade Name:

Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Opiates in Hair   
Psychemedics Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Oxycodone in Hair

# Predicate Device:

Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Opiates in Hair, k111926 and Psychemedics Microplate EIA for Oxycodone in Hair, k123799

# Product Code:

DJG

Device/Classification Name:

21 CFR 862.3650 Opiate Test System, Classification II

Intended Use:

The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA) for opiates in hair is an enzyme immunoassay for the preliminary qualitative detection of opiates in human head and body hair using a morphine calibrator at $2 ~ \mathrm { n g }$ morphine/10m mg hair for the purpose of identifying opiate use. This is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for Psychemedics use only and is not intended for sale to anyone. The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass

Spectrometry/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA) for oxycodone in hair is an enzyme immunoassay for the preliminary qualitative detection of oxycodone in human head and body hair using an oxycodone calibrator at $2 \mathrm { n g }$ oxycodone/ $\mathrm { 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair for the purpose of identifying opioid use. This is an in vitro diagnostic device intended exclusively for Psychemedics use only and is not intended for sale to anyone. The Psychemedics homogeneous enzyme immunoassay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

# Device Description:

The homogeneous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA) test consists of two parts; a pre-analytical hair treatment procedure (to extract opioids from the solid hair matrix to form a measurable liquid matrix) and the screening assay, the Psychemedics Opiates HEIA and the Psychemedics Oxycodone HEIA. The screening portion of the test system is based on competition for antibody binding sites between drug in the measurable liquid matrix and drug-labeled recombinant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH). As the antibody binds labeled G6PDH, enzyme activity decreases. In the presence of drug, enzyme activity increases in direct proportion to the drug concentration. Active enzyme reduces nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH in the presence of glucose-6- phosphate (G6P), resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically.

The Psychemedics Opiates HEIA consists of reagents R1 (antiopiates monoclonal antibody with substrate) and R2 (morphine labeled recombinant G6PDH). The Psychemedics Oxycodone HEIA consists of reagents R1 (anti-oxycodone monoclonal antibody with substrate) and R2 (oxycodone labeled recombinant G6PDH).

# Sample Collection and Stability:

A sample of hair should be cut as close as possible to the skin. The hair is placed in a V-shaped aluminum foil sample holder with the root end of the hair protruding beyond the slanted edge of the foil.

The aluminum foil is crimped around the sample, securing the hair specimen firmly into place within the foil. The hair sample, crimped within the foil, is placed in a sample acquisition card envelope and the envelope is sealed with a tamper-evident seal. Hair specimens are kept at ambient temperature in a secure location until they are shipped without refrigeration to the laboratory. Stability of opiates in hair samples stored at room temperature has been shown for approximately 2 months. Opiates in samples shipped coast-to-coast twice was stable.

# Materials Required:

Hair sample HEIA for Opiates, HEIA for Oxycodone, automated clinical chemistry analyzer, LC/MS/MS for confirmation.

# Comparison with Predicate:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K201326</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">K111926</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Trade Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Psychemedics Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay for Opiates in Hair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Psychemedics MicroplateEIA for Opiates in Hair</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicSimilarities</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntendedUse/Indications ForUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Psychemedics homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay (HEIA) for opiates is an enzymeimmunoassay for the preliminary qualitativedetection of opiates in human head and body hairusing a morphine calibrator at 2 ng morphine/10mg hair for the purpose of identifying opiate use.This is an in vitro diagnostic device intendedexclusively for Psychemedics use only and is notintended for sale to anyone. The Psychemedicshomogeneous enzyme immunoassay providesonly a preliminary analytical test result. A morespecific alternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmed analyticalresult. Liquid Chromatography/MassSpectrometry/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS/MS) isthe preferred confirmatory method.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Psychemedics MicroplateEIA for Opiates is an enzymeimmunoassay (EIA) for thepreliminary qualitativedetection of opiates in humanhead and body hair samplesusing a morphine calibrator at2 ng/10 mg hair cutoff for thepurpose of identifying opiateuse.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Hair</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Method ofMeasurement</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Automated Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer at 340 nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Microplate Reader at 450 nm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse monoclonal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rabbit polyclonal</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device &amp; PredicateDevice(s):</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K201326</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K123799</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay for Oxycodone in Hair</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Psychemedics Microplate EIAfor Oxycodone in Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General DeviceCharacteristicSimilarities</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IntendedUse/Indications ForUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Psychemedics homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay (HEIA) for oxycodone is anenzyme immunoassay for the preliminaryqualitative detection of oxycodone in humanhead and body hair using an oxycodonecalibrator at 2 ng oxycodone/10 mg hair for thepurpose of identifying opioid use. This is an invitro diagnostic device intended exclusively forPsychemedics use only and is not intended forsale to anyone. The Psychemedics homogeneousenzyme immunoassay provides only apreliminary analytical test result. A morespecific alternative chemical method must beused in order to obtain a confirmed analyticalresult. Liquid Chromatography/MassSpectrometry/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS/MS)is the preferred confirmatory method.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The Psychemedics MicroplateEIA for Oxycodone is anenzyme immunoassay (EIA)for the preliminary qualitativedetection of oxycodone inhuman head and body hairsamples using an oxycodonecalibrator at 2 ng/10 mg haircutoff for the purpose ofidentifying oxycodone use.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>General DeviceCharacteristicDifferences</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Method ofMeasurement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer at 340 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microplate Reader at 450 nm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit polyclonal</td></tr></table>

# Performance Testing Summary:

Precision studies were performed by spiking negative hair with previously validated LC/MS/MS validated calibrator and control solutions to achieve concentrations of negative, the cutoff calibrator of $2 \mathrm { n g }$ morphine $\mathrm { { ' } 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair or $2 \mathrm { n g }$ oxycodone $/ 1 0 \mathrm { m g }$ hair, and $+ / .$ - $7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ and $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff calibrator. The results were identical for both immunoassays and are summarized below:

Cross Reactivity Summary:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary Intra-AssayPrecision</td><td rowspan=10 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Summary Inter-AssayPrecision</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr></table>

The cross reactivity of the following metabolites and opiate structural analogs was evaluated by determining the minimum concentration that would result approximately equivalent to the $2 . 0 \mathrm { n g }$ morphine/10 mg hair cutoff.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Opiates HEIA: Cross Reactivities of Structurally RelatedCompounds and Metabolites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationEquivalent to2.0 ngMorphine/10 mg Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100</td></tr></table>

The following compounds were shown to have no cross reactivity in the Opiates assay.

Lisinopril Dihydrate, Atropine, Bupropion, Cotinine, Cannabinol, Chlorpheniramine Maleate, O-Desmethylvenlafaxine, Desipramine, Doxylamine Succinate, 1S, 2R-Ephedrine, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin,

Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,R- Pseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine HCl, 8-(-)11-nor-9- carboxy-delta 9 THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9 THC, Amoxicillin, Propranolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Dimenhydrinate, Carbamazepine, Diazepine, Nordiazepam,   
Oxazepam, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, Amphetamine, Cetirizine DiHCl, Imipramine, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Phenylpropanolamine,   
Amitriptyline, Bupivacaine HCl, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene,   
Ethosuximide, Alpha-methyl-alpha-propyl succinimide,   
Metharbital, Barbital, Methsuximide, Phensuximide, N  
Normethsuximide, Mephyton, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10, 11- Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone,   
Butabarbital, Amobarbital, Secobarbital, Hexobarbital,   
Azithromycin Dihydrate, Glutethimide, Methaqualone, Diazepam, Chlorpromazine, Flurazepam, AM-2201, JWH-019, JWH-081, JWH-122, CP47,497 $( + / - )$ , CP47, 497 $( + / - )$ , C8 Homologue, HU211, JWH-200, JWH-250, Ibuprofen, Ephinephrine $( + / - )$ ,   
Norephenephrine $( + / - )$ , Metanephrine $( + / - )$ , Normetanephrine $( + / - )$ Vanilmandelic Acid $( + / - )$ , 5-Hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid,   
Homovanillic acid, Alprazolam, Cimetidine, Citalopram HBr, Clonazepam, Clopidogrel bisulfate, Fluconazole,   
Hydrochlorothiazide, Lamotrigine, L-Thyroxine, Methylphenidate HCl, Omeprazole, Levetiracetam, Sertraline HCl, Topiramate, Zolpidem Tartrate, Zonisamide, Amlodipine Besylate Atorvastatin Calcium Salt.

The cross reactivity of the following metabolites, opioid structural analogs and the tricyclic antidepressant imipramine was evaluated by determining the minimum concentration that would result approximately equivalent to the $2 . 0 { \mathrm { n g } }$ oxycodone $\mathrm { { ' } 1 0 ~ m g }$ hair cutoff.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Oxycodone HEIA: Cross Reactivities of Structurally RelatedCompounds and Metabolites</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Equivalentto 2.0 ng Oxycodone/10mg Hair</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

The following compounds were shown to have no cross reactivity in the Oxycodone assay.

Lisinopril Dihydrate, Atropine, Bupropion, Cotinine, Cannabinol, Chlorpheniramine Maleate, O-Desmethylvenlafaxine, Desipramine, Doxylamine Succinate, 1S, 2R-Ephedrine, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,R- Pseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine HCl, 8-(-)11-nor-9- carboxy-delta 9 THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9 THC, Amoxicillin, Propranolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Dimenhydrinate, Carbamazepine, Diazepine, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, Amphetamine, Cetirizine DiHCl, Methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Phenylpropanolamine, Amitriptyline, Bupivacaine HCl, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Ethosuximide, Alpha-methyl-alphapropyl succinimide, Metharbital, Barbital, Methsuximide, Phensuximide, N-Normethsuximide, Mephenytoin, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10, 11- Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, 5,5-Diphenylhydantoin, 4- Methylprimidone, Butabarbital, Amobarbital, Secobarbital, Hexobarbital, Azithromycin Dihydrate, Glutethimide, Methaqualone, Diazepam, Chlorpromazine, Flurazepam, AM-2201, JWH-019, JWH-081, JWH-122, CP47,497 $( + / - )$ , CP47, 497 $( + / - )$ ,

C8 Homologue, HU-211, JWH-200, JWH-250, Ibuprofen, Ephinephrine $( + / - )$ , Norephenephrine $( + / - )$ , Metanephrine $( + / - )$ , Normetanephrine $( + / - )$ , Vanilmandelic Acid $( + / - )$ , 5- Hydroxyindole-3-acetic acid, Homovanillic acid, Alprazolam, Cimetidine, Citalopram HBr, Clonazepam, Clopidogrel bisulfate, Fluconazole, Hydrochlorothiazide, Lamotrigine, L-Thyroxine, Methylphenidate HCl, Omeprazole, Levetiracetam, Sertraline HCl, Topiramate, Zolpidem Tartrate, Zonisamide, Amlodipine Besylate, Atorvastatin Calcium Salt

# Interference:

The following compounds were shown to have no interference in the opiates and oxycodone assay with the exception of imipramine. Imipramine was shown to be an interferent in the oxycodone and hydrocodone assay at a concentration of $\geq 1 0 0 \mathrm { n g }$ imipramine $\mathrm { { 1 0 ~ m g } }$ hair.

Atropine, Bupropion, Cotinine, Cannabinol, Chlorpheniramine maleate, O- Desmethylvenlafaxine, Desipramine, Doxylamine Succinate, 1S, 2R Ephedrine, Anhydroecgonine methyl ester, Naproxen, Nicotine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene, R,RPseudoephedrine, Thioridazine, Cis-Tramadol, Venlafaxine HCl, 8- (-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-delta-9 THC, 11-nor-9-carboxy-delta 9 THC, Amoxicillin, Propranolol, Promethazine, Phenmetrazine, Phendimetrazine, Benzocaine, Ecgonine, Glutethimide, Meprobamate, Methyprylon, Carbamazepine, Diazepam, Nordiazepam, Oxazepam, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Dyphylline, Methaqualone, Theophylline, Amitriptyline, Dextromethorphan, Lidocaine, Methocarbamol, Nordoxepin, Pentazocine, Phenylephrine, Triamterene, Ethosuximde, $\mathfrak { a }$ -Methyl- ${ \bf { d } } \cdot { \bf { \Lambda } }$ - Propylsuccinimde, Metharbital, Barbital, Methsuximide, Phensuximide, N- Normethylsuximde, Mephenytoin, Ethotoin, Mephobarbital, PEMA, Phenobarbital, Methyl PEMA, 10, 11- Dihydrocarbamazepine, Primidone, Carbamazepine, 5,5- Diphenylhydantoin, 4-Methylprimidone, Glutethimide, Methaqualone, Chlorpromazine, Flurazepam, AM-2201, JWH-019, JWH-081, JWH-122, CP47, 497 $( \pm )$ , CP 47, 497 $( \pm )$ C8 Homologue, HU-211, JWH-200, JWH-250, Acetaminophen, Caffeine, Chlorpheniramine, Ibuprofen, Naproxen, R,R-(-)- Pseudoephedrine, Epinephrine $( \pm )$ , Metanephrine $( \pm )$ , Normetanephrine $( \pm )$ , Alprazolam, Cimetidine, Citalopram HBr,

Clonazepam, Clopidogrel Bisulfate, Fluconazole, Hydorchlorothiazide, Lamotrigine, L-Thyroxine, Methylphenidate HCl, Omeprazole, Amlodipine Besylate, Atorvastatin Calcium Salt, Azithromycin Dihydrate, Bupivacaine HCl Monohydrate, Cetirizine Di- HCl, Dimenhydrinate, Lisinopril Dihydrate, Benzocaine.

# Calibrator:

Psychemedics prepares calibrators and control materials using drug stocks purchased from a commercial vendor. Each lot of drug is received with its specific certificate of analysis. The commercially obtained stock is made into calibrators and controls to the desired concentrations. The concentrations are confirmed by LC/MS/MS.

# Sample Shipping and Stability During Storage:

Seven opiate positive samples remained positive after approximately two months in storage and after shipping twice coast-to-coast in the opiates HEIA. Six opioid positive samples remained positive after approximately five months in storage and after shipping twice coastto-coast in the oxycodone and hydrocodone HEIA.

# Recovery:

The hair sample preparation for the screening HEIA is an acidic phosphate buffer extraction procedure. Recovery of opiates in the opiates HEIA was shown on average to be at least $94 \%$ complete after 3 hours. Recovery of opioids in the oxycodone and hydrocodone HEIA was shown on average to be at least $8 5 \%$ complete after 3 hours.

# Cosmetic Treatments:

Fifteen opiate-negative head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without treatments. In each case of the fifteen samples treated with a type of cosmetic treatment, all samples remained negative in the opiates HEIA after the treatments.

Ten opiate-positive head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without the treatments. In each case, the samples remained positive in the opiates HEIA after the treatments.

Fifteen opioid-negative head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without treatments. In each case of the 15 samples treated with a type of cosmetic treatment, all samples remained negative in the oxycodone HEIA after the treatments.

Ten opioid-positive head hair samples were treated with perm, dye, shampoo and relaxer and the results compared to the same samples without the treatments. In each case, the samples remained positive in the oxycodone HEIA after the treatments.

# Comparison Studies:

Samples positive or negative for opiates were identified using the Psychemedics opiates microplate assay (k111926), and then tested with the test device, the Psychemedics HEIA for opiates in hair. The test device (assay) has been validated using 230 individual hair samples collected anonymously from a workplace setting.

The stored hair samples were then tested using Psychemedics’ LC/MS/MS confirmatory assay, to compare the Psychemedics HEIA results with the LC/MS/MS results. The studies comparing the HEIA with LC/MS/MS documented the source of hair (head or body) and other demographics as available. The comparison of the Psychemedics Opiates HEIA with LC/MS/MS is shown in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates HEIAResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Washed LC/MS/MS Result, ng Morphine/10 mg hair (% of cutoffcalibrator)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1.0 (&lt; 50%below cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 - 1.99 (≥ 50%below cutoff tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 3.0 (cutoffto ≤ 50% abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 3.0 (&gt; 50%above cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The presence of codeine, 6-AM, and morphine was detected by LCMS/MS in the discordant results observed, and the presence of these analytes contributed to the positive results observed by the screening assay.

Samples positive or negative for opioids were identified using the Psychemedics oxycodone microplate assay (k123799) or opiates microplate assay (k111926), and then tested with the test device, the Psychemedics HEIA for oxycodone in hair. The test device (assay) has been validated using 219 individual hair samples collected anonymously from a workplace setting.

The stored hair samples were then tested using Psychemedics’ LC/MS/MS confirmatory assay, to compare the Psychemedics HEIA results with the LC/MS/MS results. The studies comparing the HEIA with LC/MS/MS documented the source of hair (head or body) and other demographics as available. The comparison of the Psychemedics Oxycodone HEIA with LC/MS/MS is shown in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneHEIA Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Washed LC/MS/MS Result, ng Oxycodone/10 mg hair (% ofcutoff calibrator)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1.0 (&lt; 50%below cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 - 1.99 (≥ 50%below cutoff tocutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 - 3.0 (cutoffto≤ 50% abovecutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 3.0 (&gt; 50%above cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The presence of hydrocodone was detected by LC-MS/MS in the discordant results observed, and the presence of this analyte contributed to the positive results observed by the screening assay.

# Conclusion:

The Psychemedics HEIA for opiates in hair is substantially equivalent to the predicate based on performance studies, including precision, specificity and interference (including cosmetic effects).

The Psychemedics HEIA for oxycodone in hair is substantially equivalent to the predicate based on performance studies, including precision, specificity and interference (including cosmetic effects).