July 31, 2020

Diatron Group   
$\%$ Erika Ammirati   
President   
Ammirati Regulatory Consulting   
575 Shirlynn Court   
Los Altos, CA 94022

Re: K201442 Trade/Device Name: Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LAF Dated: May 29, 2020 Received: June 1, 2020

Dear Erika Ammirati:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers is intended for the qualitative determination of d-methamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff value of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The system was calibrated with d-methamphetamine. The assay provides a rapid screening procedure for determining the presence of dmethamphetamine in urine.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative analytical chemistry method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/ MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

July 31, 2020

This 510(k) Summary is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92. The assigned 510(k) number is K201442.

807.92 (a)(1): Name: Diatron, US, Inc. Address: 12601 N.W. 115 Avenue, Suite A113 Medley, FL 34178

Phone: 833-228-7931 FAX: 786-264-9460 Contact: Mr. Frank Matusazak

807.92 (a)(2): Device name- trade name and common name, and classification

Trade Name: Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers

Common Name: Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay for Drug of Abuse Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay.

Classification Name(s):   
21 CFR $\ S$ 862.3610 - Methamphetamine test system   
Product Code: LAF   
Class II   
Panel: Toxicology 91

# 807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the legally marketed predicate devices

LZI Methamphetamine Immunoassay reagent cleared under K113661

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

# Methamphetamine

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers is intended for the qualitative determination of methamphetamine in human urine, at a cutoff value of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The assay is designed for laboratory use by trained professionals with various automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

This assay provides a rapid screening procedure for assessing the presence of dmethamphetamine in urine. The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result reported as a positive or negative. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive. The analyzer photometer reads the absorbance at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ at time intervals dictated by the Methamphetamine application stored in the analyzer memory, and the change in absorbance is calculated automatically.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use

The Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) Methamphetamine Enzyme Immunoassay for Pictus Analyzers is intended for the qualitative determination of d-methamphetamine in human urine at a cutoff value of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The system was calibrated with d-methamphetamine. The assay provides a rapid screening procedure for determining the presence of d-methamphetamine in urine.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative analytical chemistry method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas or Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

The following chart describes similarities and differences between the two test systems.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate SystemLin-Zhi International,Inc. (LZI)MethamphetamineEnzyme Immunoass ayfor Pictus Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate SystemLZI MethamphetamineImmunoassay (K113661)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument Platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pictus Analyzers</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">"Cleared for chemistry analyzers"(open system)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mode ofDetection/Photometric Detector</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Photometric/Photodiode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Wavelength to measureMethamphetamine reagent reactions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">340nm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use&amp; Sample type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lin-Zhi International, Inc.(LZI) Methamphetamine EnzymeThe LZI Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassay for PictusAnalyzers is intended for thequalitative determination ofd-methamphetamine in human urine methamphetamine in human urine,at a cutoffvalue of500ng/mL.The systemwas calibrated with d-The assay is designed formethamphetamine. The assayprovides a rapid screeningprocedure for determining thepres ence ofd-methamphetaminein urine.The assay provides only apreliminary analytical result. Amore specific alternativeanalytical chemis try method mustbe used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gasor Liquid Chromatography/MassSpectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS)and semi-quantitative calibration ofare the preferred confirmatorymethods. Clinical cons iderationand professional judgment should500 ng/mL.be exercis ed with any drug ofabuse test result, particularlywhen the preliminary test result ispositive.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(LZI) Methamphetamine EnzymeThe LZI Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassay is intended for thequalitative and s emi-quantitativedetermination ofd-methamphetamine in human urine methamphetamine in human urine,at the cutoff value of500 ng/mL.The systemwas calibrated with d-The assay is designed forprofes sional use with a number ofautomated chemis try analyzers.The semi-quantitative mode is forpurposes of(1) enablinglaboratories to determine anappropriate dilution ofspecimen forconfirmation by a confirmatorymethod such as GCMS or LCMS or(2) permitting laboratories toes tablish quality control procedures.The LZI Methamphetamine Drugsbf Abuse (DAU) Calibrators are foruse as calibrators in the qualitativeSpectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS)and semi-quantitative calibration ofthe LZI Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassay at a cutoff value ofThe LZI Methamphetamine Drugsof Abuse (DAU) Controls are forsuse as as sayed quality controlmaterials to monitor the precis ion ofthe LZI Methamphetamine EnzymeImmunoassay at a cutoff value of500 ng/mL.The assay provides only apreliminary analyticalresult. Amore specific alternative chemicalmethod must be used in order toobtain a confirmed analytical result.Gas or liquid chromatography/massspectrometry(GC/MS orLC/MS) isthe preferred confirmatory method.Clinical cons ideration andprofes sional judgment should beexercised with any drug ofabusetest result, particularly when thepreliminary test result is positive.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristic</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate SystemDiatron Pictus 700 Analyzerwith LZI MethamphetamineEIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate SystemHitachi 717 Analyzer with LZIMethamphetamine EIA(K113661)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off: Negative/Positive level</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device Class, Regulation Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, 21 CFR § 862.3610 -Methamphetamine reagent, LAF</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1): Brief Description of Nonclinical Data

# Precision:

Studies for within-run and total precision were performed at nine MAMP levels following CLSI EP05-A2. From these results, means, standard deviations, and percent coefficients of variation were calculated, and summarized data are shown below. In addition to the absorbance outputs, the data were assessed for “positive” and “negative” interpretation at either side of the $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutpoint.

Total Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td></tr></table>

Within Run Precision   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>o</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

# Cross Reactivity

Four structurally related compounds were tested in duplicate at the concentrations described below. Other structurally and non-structurally related compounds were not tested as this system

utilizes reagents that have already been assayed and described.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-MathamhetamineM-020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-AmphetamineA-008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)M-012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72,500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethylamphetamine (MDMA) M-013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500</td></tr></table>

The results are shown below, followed by the results as generated on the Hitachi 717 (predicate system).

Pictus P700   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>P700QualitativeResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamhetamine M-020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine A-008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA) M-012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethylamphetamine (MDMA) M-013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Reference   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hitachi 717QualitativeResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Mathamhetamine M-020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine A-008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA) M-012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>72,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethylamphetamine (MDMA) M-013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>207.8</td></tr></table>

The results demonstrate that cross-reactivity of the reagents with the Pictus 700 was the same as that demonstrated with the same reagents on the Hitachi 717.

# Accuracy - Method Comparisons:

Ninety-eight (98) human urine samples with a span MAMP values between zero and 2,000 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as value assigned by LC/MS) were assayed with the Pictus 700 system. As the Pictus 700 system reports qualitative results with a cutoff at $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , study success was defined as follows:

1) LC/MS results reported as $3 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or lower must be negative.   
2) LC/MS results reported as $6 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or higher must be reported as positive.   
3) LC/MS results reported between 351 and $6 4 9 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ must be at least $9 5 \%$ congruent   
in terms of negative and positive results on either side of the $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff.   
4) Pictus 700 results should determine negative and positive results in a similar fashion

to the LZI MAMP reagent submission data used to obtain clearance (K113661). Results are shown below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Cut-Off Value (COV)   500 ng/mLZero Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Hitachi 717 Methamphetamine Tests vs LC/MS Reference</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zero Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 to 250 ng&lt; 50% ofthe COVNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250 ng to500 ng &lt;COvNegative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng to750 ng &gt;COvpositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive&gt;750ng</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive (47 samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative (48 samples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Discordant Sample 61634620 Candidate LC/MS Positive (514) 488

Discordant result LC/MS Result 654 ng/mL Test result Hitachi 717 Negative

# On-board Methamphetamine Reagent Stability

The MAMP reagent has been previously cleared, and there have been no material changes to the components or manufacturing process since its clearance. An on-board reagent stability study was undertaken to validate open vial stability for the LZI MAMP reagent on the Pictus 700 for a two-week period.

Sufficient quantity of LZI MAMP reagent was added to a Pictus 700 reagent cartridge and loaded onto the Pictus 700 analyzer’s cooled reagent tray. Three fresh sample pools with known methamphetamine concentrations were analyzed on Day 1, 3, 6, 7, 10, 13, 14 and 17 in duplicate or triplicate, and mean results for each day are compared to the Day 1 levels.

The LZI Methamphetamine reagent is stable on-board the Pictus 700 analyzer for at least 14 days, and calibration frequency is defined at 7 days.

# 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Clinical Data Not applicable

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical and Clinical Testing

The Diatron Pictus 700 Chemistry Analyzer using LZI-MAMP reagent for the qualitative determination of MAMP in human urine is substantially equivalent to the LZI- MAMP reagent when used on the Hitachi 717, cleared under K113661. The system is an effective screening system for validated drugs of abuse screening.