June 4, 2020

Lin-Zhi International, Inc.   
Bernice Lin   
VP Operations   
2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051

Re: k201223 Trade/Device Name: LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: May 4, 2020 Received: May 6, 2020

Dear Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of tramadol in human urine at the cutoff value of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ when calibrated against tramadol. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas or liquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatography and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number

# Prepared On

May 4, 2020

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, and Contact:

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051 Phone: (408) 970-8811 Fax: (408) 970-9030 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates Class II, DJG (91 Toxicology), 21 CFR 862.3650

Common Name:

Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) is substantially equivalent to the ARKTM Tramadol Assay (k182280) manufactured by ARK Diagnostics, Inc. The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with readyto-use liquid reagents. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. The drug-labeled G6PDH conjugate is traceable to a commercially available tramadol standard and referred to as tramadol-labeled G6PDH conjugate. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, tramadol-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug; the unbound tramadol-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \mathrm { R } } _ { 2 }$ which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit. The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is traceable to a commercially available tramadol standard.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-tramadol antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \ \% )$ as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with tramadol in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

# Intended Use

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of tramadol in human urine at the cutoff value of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ when calibrated against tramadol. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC/MS and LC/MS or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatograpy and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the $\mathbf { A R K ^ { \mathrm { T M } } }$ Tramadol Assay cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k182280 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZI’s Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.

<table><tr><td>Device Characteristics</td><td>Subject Device LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td>Predicate Device (k182280) ARK™M Tramadol Assay</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>Same</td><td>The ARK Tramadol Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of tramadol in human urine at a cutoff concentration of 100 ng/mL. The assay is intended for use in laboratories with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only. The semiquantitative mode is for the purpose of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures. The ARK Tramadol Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed positive analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical</td></tr><tr><td>Analyte</td><td>tramadol</td><td>result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive. tramadol</td></tr><tr><td>Cutoff</td><td>100 ng/ml</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Matrix</td><td>Urine</td><td>Urine</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrators Level Controls Level</td><td>0, 50, 100, 225, and 400 ng/mL 75 ng/mL and 125 ng/mL</td><td>0, 100, 200, 500, and 1000 ng/mL 75 ng/mL and 125 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Storage</td><td>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td>2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: All validation studies below were conducted on the Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Precision: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The assay was tested in qualitative (ΔOD, mAU) and semi-quantitative $\mathrm { ( n g / m L ) }$ mode using a modified NCCLS-EP5 protocol. Tramadol sample concentrations were prepared by spiking a tramadol standard into a pool of negative human urine at concentrations $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration.

Results shown below were obtained by testing all samples in replicate of two, two runs a day (one in the morning and one in the afternoon) for 22 days on one Beckman Coulter© AU480 automatic clinical analyzer for a total of 88 replicates. Samples were evaluated against the OD of the cutoff calibrator in the qualitative mode and evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in the semi-quantitative mode. One single lot of reagents, calibrators, and controls were used and stored at $2 { - } 8 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ when not in use.

Semi-Quantitative Precision Analysis Summary: Qualitative Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TramadolConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tota</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Response</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative Response</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr></table>

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TramadolConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Pos/6 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53 Pos/35 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary (continued): Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TramadolConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 Pos/7 Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48 Pos/40 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Recovery:

To demonstrate recovery of the entire assay range, a drug free–urine pool spiked with tramadol at $4 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ was serially diluted. Each sample was run in 10 replicates and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value.

Determined concentration averages were obtained and all averages were $\pm 1 5 \%$ of the target concentrations. The determined average percent recovery (Determined Concentration Average divided by the Target Concentration) were considered acceptable between $8 5 - 1 1 5 \%$ .

The recovery of tramadol spiked to various concentrations was evaluated and was found to range between $8 9 \% - 1 1 6 \%$ .

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Range(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Average(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>395.2  433.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>412.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350.3  404.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.5 - 371.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>346.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.6  313.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>221.7 - 279.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>245.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202.0 - 215.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.2 - 180.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122.8  134.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>130.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78.0  84.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.6 - 43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4.6  1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary (continued): Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Method Comparison - Clinical Samples:

A total of eighty-six (86) unaltered clinical samples were tested with the LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyzer. Samples were evaluated against the OD of the cutoff calibrator in the qualitative mode and evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in the semi-quantitative mode. All samples were tested in singlet.

All samples were confirmed with LC/MS for tramadol concentrations. Samples were collected by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI) and and the University of California at San Francisco (UCSF, San Francisco).

Semi-Quantitative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TramadolResults100ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby LC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % abovethe cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7 %</td></tr></table>

Discrepant samples determined when comparing LC/MS tramadol results with tramadol EIA results on the Beckman Coulter® AU480 automated clinical analyzer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSTramadol(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSO-desmethyltramadol(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* Discrepant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 5 0 - 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ ) $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discrepant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Performance Characteristics Summary (continued): Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Method Comparison - Clinical Samples (continued):

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

<table><tr><td>Tramadol Results 100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td>Negative</td><td>&lt; 50 % of the cutoff concentration by LC/MS analysis</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative (Between 50 % below the cutoff and the cutoff concentration)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive (Between the cutoff and 50 % above the cutoff</td><td>High Positive (Greater than 50 % above the cutoff concentration)</td><td>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2*</td><td>concentration) 9</td><td>33</td><td>97.7 %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>20</td><td>7</td><td>14</td><td>1**</td><td>0</td><td>95.3 %</td></tr></table>

Discrepant samples determined when comparing LC/MS tramadol results with tramadol EIA results on the Beckman Coulter® AU480 automated clinical analyzer.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSTramadol(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSO-desmethyltramadol(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

\* Discrepant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 5 0 - 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discrepant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Performance Characteristics Summary (continued): Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Cross-reactivity

The cross-reactivity of various potentially interfering drugs were tested by spiking various concentrations of each substance into a pool of negative human urine and then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in duplicates.

The table below lists the concentration of each test compound that gave a response approximately equivalent to that of the cutoff calibrator (as positive) or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response below the response of the cutoff calibrator (as negative). Compounds tested at high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ ) with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration (100,000 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $^ { 6 6 } < \% ^ { 9 9 }$ value.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-desmethyl cis-tramadol HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>166</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.24 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-desmethyl-cis-tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rac N, O-didesmethyltramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.67 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-desmethyl tramadol beta-D-glucoronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.11 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dehydronorketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 1.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.50 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr></table>

# Cross-reactivity (continued)

Structurally unrelated compounds were additionally spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations (as described above). These solutions were then split into three portions; one without tramadol, and the remaining two that were further spiked with tramadol standards to a final tramadol concentration of $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes. All samples were tested in duplicates. Compounds tested at high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 { \mathrm { n g / m L } } )$ with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $" < \% > "$ value.

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aliemazine Tartrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amlodipine Besylate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cetirizine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine Succinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Duloxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Etavirenz</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (citrate)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyzine Pamoate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JWH-073 (SPICE I)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lisinopril</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loratidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lorazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Losartan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDA (3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDEA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niflumic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds, continued:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prochloreazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1S,2S)-(+)Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quetiapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC-COOH(11-Nor-Delta-9-THC-9-carboxylic acid)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)Verapamil HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem phenyl-4-carboxylicacid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem-6-carboxylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

It is possible that other substances and/or factors not listed above may interfere with the test and cause false results, e.g., technical or procedural errors

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference:

Endogenous and Preservative compounds were spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations. These solutions were then split into three portions; one without tramadol, and the remaining two that were further spiked with tramadol standards to a final tramadol concentration of $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in duplicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Chloride (CaC12)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ciprofloxacin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HSA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference (continued):   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

The following endogenous and preservative compounds which showed interference at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of cutoff concentrations were then spiked into negative urine and at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration $\mathrm { 5 0 \ n g / m L }$ and $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) for the assay.

Interference was observed with Boric Acid at $1 \% \mathrm { w / v }$ . No other significant undesired cross-reactants or endogenous/preservative substance interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50 % Tramadol Cutoff(50 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50 % Tramadol Cutoff(150 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Specific Gravity Interference:

Samples ranging in specific gravity from 1.000 to 1.030 were split into three portions each and either left un-spiked or further spiked to a final tramadol concentration of either $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in both semi-quantitative and qualitative modes. No interference was observed.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravityValue</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.009</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.018</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.025</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary, continued: Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# $\mathbf { p H }$ Interference:

Negative urine and urine spiked with tramadol to the final tramadol concentration of either $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively) were adjusted to the following $\mathsf { p H }$ levels and tested by the assay. The $\mathsf { p H }$ adjusted solutions were evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

No major interference was observed between $\mathrm { p H } 3$ to pH 11. Results are summarized in the following table:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>InterferingSubstance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mLTramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Tramadol Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Tramadol Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Summary:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its general intended use. Substantial equivalence was demonstrated through comparison of intended use and physical properties to the commercially available predicate device as confirmed by chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS), an independent analytical method. The information supplied in this premarket notification provides reasonable assurance that the LZI Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay is safe and effective for its stated intended use.