March 24, 2021

Safecare Biotech(Hangzhou)Co., Ltd. $\%$ Joe Shia, Manager   
LSI International   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite I   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: K202453 Trade/Device Name: SAFECARE Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup SAFECARE Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip-Card Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NFT, NFW, NFY, NGG, NGI, NFV, NGL, PTH, PTG, QAW, QBF, NGM Dated: August 25, 2020 Received: August 27, 2020

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Kellie Kelm, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k202453

Device Name SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

Indications for Use (Describe)   
SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, Nortriptyline d-Propoxyphene and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP) in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine 500ng/mL Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine 150ng/mL Marijuana 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine 500ng/mL Morphine 300ng/mL Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine 10 ng/mL Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine 500 ng/mL Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Methadone 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline 1000 ng/mL d-Propoxyphene 300 ng/mL 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine 300 ng/mL

Configuration of SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

Theest mayel posiiveresults or e preptiodrug Bupreorhine, Nortriptyie Oxazepam, Seol, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between sl ah e   Th o uu a/ or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, Nortriptyline d-Propoxyphene and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP) in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Amphetamine Oxazepam

<table><tr><td>Cocaine</td><td>150ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana</td><td>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine</td><td>500ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine</td><td>300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>d-Propoxyphene</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of SAFECARE $^ { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

Th t maye posti resultorhe preiptiondug BupreorhineNortrpty Oxazepam, Secol, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between u u ulprarhe e   siThepo e uu alC or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenohotioationatvehur ec time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and coplete and review the colection  information Send comments regarding this burden estimate or nyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

510(k) SUMMARY   
510(k) Number: k202453

1. Date:

March 18, 2021

2. Submitter:

Safecare Biotech (Hangzhou) Co. Ltd. 18 Haishu Road, Yuhang District Hangzhou, China

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504E Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Name:

SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

Classification:

Class 2   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFTAmphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3100, Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFWCannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFYCocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3250, Cocaine andCocaine Metabolites Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGIMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3640, Morphine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFVOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLOxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTHSecobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3150, Barbiturate TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLBuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3650,Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3610, MethamphetamineTest System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGMPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enzyme Immunoassay Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTGMethadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620, Methadone TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWNortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR, 862.3910 TricyclicAntidepressant Drugs Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QBFPropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR, 862.3700 Propoxyphene TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTG2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR § 862.3620, Methadone TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Device

The SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card and SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup (K201120)

6. Intended Use

SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, Nortriptyline dPropoxyphene and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP) in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug (Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine 500ng/mL Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine 150ng/mL Marijuana 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine 500ng/mL Morphine 300ng/mL Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine 10 ng/mL Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine 500 ng/mL Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Methadone 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline 1000 ng/mL d-Propoxyphene 300 ng/mL 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine 300 ng/mL

Configuration of SAFECARE $^ { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Nortriptyline, Oxazepam, Secobarbital, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine, Methadone, Nortriptyline d

Propoxyphene and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP) in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug (Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine 500ng/mL Oxazepam 300 ng/mL Cocaine 150ng/mL Marijuana 50 ng/mL Methamphetamine 500ng/mL Morphine 300ng/mL Oxycodone 100 ng/mL Secobarbital 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine 10 ng/mL Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine 500 ng/mL Phencyclidine 25 ng/mL Methadone 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline 1000 ng/mL d-Propoxyphene 300 ng/mL 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine 300 ng/mL

Configuration of SAFECARE $^ { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Nortriptyline, Oxazepam, Secobarbital, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The tests are intended for over-the-counter use.

# 7. Device Description

The SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Dip Card Tests and SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Cup Tests are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Secobarbital, Methadone, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphen and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (target analytes) in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices, which come in the formats of Dip Cards or Cups. Each test kit contains a Test Device (in one of the two formats), a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the SAFECARE $^ { \textregistered }$ Dip Card Tests and SAFECARE $^ { \textregistered }$ Cup Tests and the predicate devices is provided in following table.

Features Comparison of SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dip Card Tests and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K201120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofAmphetamine, Buprenorphine, Secobarbital,Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine,Methamphetamine,Methylenedioxymethamphetamine,Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone,Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptylineand Cannabinoids in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 500 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine (COC): 150 ng/ml11-Nor-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH(THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 500 ng/mlMorphine (MOP): 300ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mlMethylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA): 500 ng/mlOxycodone (OXY): 100 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP): 300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as candidate devicewith exception ofAmphetamine: 1000ng/mLCocaine: 300ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000ng/mLMorphine: 2000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Features Comparison of SAFECARE® Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K201120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofAmphetamine, Buprenorphine,Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine,Methylenedioxymethamphetamine,Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone,Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene,Nortriptyline and Cannabinoids inhuman urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based onthe principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Differences</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 500 ng/mlOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine (COC): 150 ng/ml11-Nor-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH(THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 500 ng/mlMorphine (MOP): 300ng/mlSecobarbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mlMethylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA): 500 ng/mlOxycodone (OXY): 100 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP): 300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same as candidate devicewith exception ofAmphetamine: 1000ng/mLCocaine: 300ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000ng/mLMorphine: 2000ng/mL</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

The SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Dip Card Tests, and SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cup Tests are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Cannabinoids, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Secobarbital, Methadone, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphen and 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3- diphenylpyrrolidine in urine samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the urine specimen are below the cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

# 10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days per device in a randomized order. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Amphetamine 500, Cocaine 150, Methamphetamine 500 and Morphine 300. Please refer to k182654 for precision data for Methylenedioxy-Methamphetamine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline and Propoxyphene, and to k181968 for precision data for Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Methadone, and to k153646 for precision data for Cannabinoids and to $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { k } } 2 0 1 1 2 0$ for precision data for EDDP. The candidate device uses the same assays (same reagent pads) for these drugs as was cleared in k182654/k181968/k153646/k201120.

Amphetamine 500 Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-/24+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Cocaine 150 Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Methamphetamine 500

Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

Morphine 300 Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsLotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off+100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25-/25+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

The cut-off values of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ for Amphetamine, Cocaine, Methamphetamine and Morphine are verified.

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ and real time stability studies at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and $3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentrations at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ , with the exception of albumin with no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ and ethanol at $1 \%$ volume, are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed between the SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cup and Dip Card formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetominophen (4-Acetamidophenol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol (1% vol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone, 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-) Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D L-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disopyramide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other structure related compounds that are likely to cross-react in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below for Amphetamine 500, Cocaine 150, Methamphetamine 500 and Morphine 300. Please refer to k182654 for Methylenedioxy-Methamphetamine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline and Propoxyphene, and to k181968 for Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Methadone, and to k153646 for Cannabinoids and to $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { k } } 2 0 1 1 2 0$ for EDDP. There were no differences observed between the SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cup and Dip Card formats. The candidate device uses the same assays (same reagent pads) for these drugs as was cleared in k182654/k181968/k153646/k201120.

Amphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>dl- Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxynorephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/1-Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDE)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr></table>

Cocaine   
Morphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L- Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D/L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine (MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethobenzamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/1-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1R,2S)-(-)-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>s-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethyl Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphinie-3-β-d-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed between the SAFECARE $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Cup and Dip Card formats.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Dip Card Tests and the SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cup Tests were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below for Amphetamine 500, Cocaine 150, Methamphetamine 500 and Morphine 300. Please refer to k182654 for Methylenedioxy-Methamphetamine, Oxycodone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline and Propoxyphene, and to k181968 for Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Methadone, and to k153646 for Cannabinoids and to k201120 for EDDP. The candidate device uses the same assays (same reagent pads) for these drugs as was cleared in k182654/ k181968/ k153646 and k201120.

# Amphetamine 500

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DipCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>498</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1497</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Cocaine 150

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DipCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8739</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM4418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1485</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Methamphetamine 500

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DipCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM6106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7710</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM6106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM6198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7165</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM6198</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM3480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM3480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>464</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8436</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>467</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM5908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8727</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>511</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM5908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM5908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>513</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# Morphine 300

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DipCard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM4260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM4260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM4260</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">280</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM9616</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">281</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM2412</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Viewer C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LM4067</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CupViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM8592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1718</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM7813</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>305</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LM1916</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study:

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 310 lay persons for each device format. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. Each device was tested. Typical results are shown below.

AMP500:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>878</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

COC150:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correctresults (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

THC:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

BAR:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>373</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

BZO:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

MET500:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>877</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

MTD:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

MOP300:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>376</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

MDMA:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>622</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>749</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

OXY:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>124</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

BUP:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

PCP:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

TCA:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>252</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1503</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

PPX:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>523</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

EDDP:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DrugConcentration byLC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageof correct results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison, and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the SAFECARE $^ { \mathrm { \textregistered } }$ Dip Card Tests and SAFECARE $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Cup Tests are substantially equivalent to the predicate.