September 17, 2020

Lin-Zhi International, Inc.   
Bernice Lin   
VP of Operations   
2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051

Re: K202007 Trade/Device Name: LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: July 17, 2020 Received: July 21, 2020

Dear Bernice Lin:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023</td></tr></table>

510(k) Number (if known) k202007

Device Name

LZI Oxycodone Ill Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative detem1ination of oxycodone in human urine at the cutoff values of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ when calibrated against oxycodone. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (I) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confinnation by a confirmatory method such as GC/MS or LC/MS, or (2) pennitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatograpy and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of SMDA 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# 510(k) Number

# Prepared On

September 14, 2020

# Introduction

According to the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92, the following information provides sufficient detail to understand the basis for a determination of substantial equivalence.

# Submitter Name, Address, and Contact:

Lin-Zhi International, Inc. 2945 Oakmead Village Court Santa Clara, CA 95051 Phone: (408) 970-8811 Fax: (408) 970-9030 e-mail: bclin@lin-zhi.com

Contact: Bernice Lin, Ph.D. VP of Operations

# Device Name and Classification

Classification Name:

Enzyme Immunoassay, Oxycodone Class II, DJG (91 Toxicology) 21 CFR 862.3650

Common Name:

Oxycodone Enzyme Immunoassay

Proprietary Name:

LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay

# Legally Marketed Predicate Device(s)

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay (EIA) is substantially equivalent to the LZI Oxycodone Assay (k120763) manufactured by Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI). The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is identical or similar to its predicate in terms of intended use, method principle, device components, and clinical performance.

# Device Description

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with ready-to-use liquid reagents. The assay is based on competition between drug in the sample and drug labeled with the enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) for a fixed amount of antibody in the reagent. The drug-labeled G6PDH conjugate is traceable to a commercially available oxycodone standard and referred to as oxycodone-labeled G6PDH conjugate. Enzyme activity decreases upon binding to the antibody, and the drug concentration in the sample is measured in terms of enzyme activity. In the absence of drug in the sample, oxycodone-labeled G6PDH conjugate is bound to antibody, and the enzyme activity is inhibited. On the other hand, when free drug is present in the sample, antibody would bind to free drug; the unbound oxycodone-labeled G6PDH then exhibits its maximal enzyme activity. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH, resulting in an absorbance change that can be measured spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is a kit comprised of two reagents, an $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ and ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ , which are bottled separately but sold together within the kit. The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is traceable to a commercially available oxycodone standard.

The $\mathrm { R } _ { 1 }$ solution contains mouse monoclonal anti-oxycodone antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD), stabilizers, and sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative. The ${ \tt R } _ { 2 }$ solution contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with oxycodone in buffer with sodium azide $( 0 . 0 9 \% )$ as a preservative.

# Intended Use

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is intended for the qualitative and semiquantitative determination of oxycodone in human urine at the cutoff values of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ when calibrated against oxycodone. The assay is designed for prescription use with a number of automated clinical chemistry analyzers.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as GC/MS or LC/MS, or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical result. A more specific alternative chemical method (e.g., gas or liquid chromatograpy and mass spectrometry) must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# Comparison to Predicate Device

The LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the LZI Oxycodone Assay cleared by the FDA under the premarket notification k120763 for its stated intended use.

The following table compares LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay with the predicate device.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject DeviceLZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device (k120763)LZI Oxycodone Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI)Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay isintended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of oxycodone inhuman urine at a cutoff value of 100ng/mL and 300 ng/mL when calibratedagainst oxycodone. The assay is designedfor prescription use with a number ofautomated clinical chemistry analyzers.The semi-quantitative mode is forpurposes of (1) enabling laboratories todetermine an appropriate dilution of thespecimen for verification by aconfirmatory method such as GC/MS orLC/MS, or (2) permitting laboratories toestablish quality control procedures.The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result. A more specificalternative chemical confirmatorymethod (e.g., gas or liquidchromatography and massspectrometry) must be used to obtain aconfirmed analytical result (1, 2).Clinical consideration and professionaljudgment should be exercised with anydrug of abuse test result, particularlywhen the preliminary test result ispositive.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Lin-Zhi International, Inc. (LZI)Oxycodone Enzyme Immunoassay isintended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative determination of oxycodonein human urine, at cutoff values of 100ng/mL and 300 ng/mL. The assay isdesigned for prescription use with anumber of automated clinical chemistryanalyzers.The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical result. A more specificalternative analytical chemistry methodmust be used in order to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. Gas orLiquid Chromatography/MassSpectrometry (GC/MS or LC/MS) arethe preferred confirmatory methods.Clinical consideration and professionaljudgment should be exercised with anydrug of abuse test result, particularlywhen the preliminary test result ispositive.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Target Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/ and 300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 and 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff: 5 Levels0, 50, 100, 150, and 300 ng/mL300 ng/mL Cutoff: 5 Levels0, 150, 300, 500, and 800 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0, 50, 100, 300, 500, and800 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Control Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff: 2 Levels75 and 125 ng/mL300 ng/mL Cutoff: 2 Levels225 and 375 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL Cutoff: 2 Levels75 and 125 ng/mL300 ng/mL Cutoff: 2 Levels225 and 375 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-8 °C until expiration date</td></tr></table>

# Performance Characteristics Summary: All validation studies below were conducted on the Beckman Coulter AU480 Analyzer

# Precision: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The assay was tested in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode by spiking oxycodone into pooled negative urine at concentrations $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration.

Results shown below were obtained by testing all samples in replicate of two, two runs a day for 22 days on one Beckman Coulter AU480 automatic clinical analyzer for a total of 88 runs.

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 Neg / 17 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26 Neg / 62 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>100 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9 Neg / 13 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33 Neg / 55 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Recovery: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

To demonstrate recovery of the entire assay range, a drug free-urine pool spiked with oxycodone at $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ was serially diluted. Each sample was run in 10 replicates and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. Results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Range(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Average(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299.7 - 304.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>302.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>270</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.5 - 287.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253.3 - 264.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>219.8 - 241.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>231.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.0 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193.3 - 201.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>149.1 - 158.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>153.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.6 - 124.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86.3 - 90.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.6 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.5 - 59.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.7 - 29.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.3 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.7 - 1.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - Clinical Samples: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

A total of eighty-two (82) unaltered clinical samples were tested with the LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyzer. All samples were tested in singlet.

# Semi-Quantitative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneResults100 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby LC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % abovethe cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.1 %</td></tr></table>

Discordant samples determined when comparing LC/MS oxycodone and oxymorphone results with EIA results on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyser are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxymorphone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalOxycodone +OxymorphoneLC/MS(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Sample #</td><td>LC/MS Oxycodone (ng/mL)</td><td>LC/MS Oxymorphone (ng/mL)</td><td>Total Oxycodone + Oxymorphone LC/MS</td></tr><tr><td>50**</td><td>12.6</td><td>118.5</td><td>(ng/mL) 131.1</td></tr><tr><td>52**</td><td>36.9</td><td>101.8</td><td>138.7</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 5 0 - 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discordant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

<table><tr><td>Oxycodone Results 100 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td>Negative</td><td>&lt; 50 % of the cutoff concentration by LC/MS analysis</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative (Between 50 % below the cutoff and the cutoff concentration)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive (Between the cutoff and 50 % above the cutoff</td><td>High Positive (Greater than 50 % above the cutoff concentration)</td><td>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2*</td><td>concentration) 12</td><td>25</td><td>90.2 %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>20</td><td>9</td><td>10</td><td>4**</td><td>0</td><td>95.1 %</td></tr></table>

Discordant samples determined when comparing LC/MS oxycodone and oxymorphone results with EIA results on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyser are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxymorphone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalOxycodone +OxymorphoneLC/MS(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>91.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>138.7</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 5 0 - 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ $^ { \ast \ast }$ Discordant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 1 0 0 - 1 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Cross-reactivity: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The cross-reactivity of various potentially interfering drugs were tested by spiking various concentrations of each substance into a pool of negative human urine and then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in duplicates.

The table below lists the concentration of each test compound that gave a response approximately equivalent to that of the cutoff calibrator (as positive) or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response below the response of the cutoff calibrator (as negative). Compounds tested at high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ ) with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration ( $\mathrm { 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L }$ ) that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $" < \% > "$ value.

# Oxycodone and Major Metabolites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.17 %</td></tr></table>

# Structurally Related Compounds:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine-6β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norhydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.48 %</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds were additionally spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations (as described below). These solutions were then split into three portions; one without oxycodone, and the remaining two that were further spiked with oxycodone standards to a final oxycodone concentration of $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the cutoff calibrator in qualitative mode or the assay’s calibration curve in semi-quantitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates. Compounds tested at high concentration (100,000 $\mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 { \mathrm { n g / m L } } )$ ) that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $" < \% > "$ value.

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amlodipine Besylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cetirizine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gabapentin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisinopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Losartan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDA (3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metformin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1S,2S)-(+)Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC-COOH(11-Nor-Delta-9-THC-9-carboxylic acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l-Thyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Endogenous and Preservative compounds were spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations. These solutions were then split into three portions; one without oxycodone, and the remaining two that were further spiked with oxycodone standards to a final oxycodone concentration of $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the cutoff calibrator in qualitative mode and the assay’s calibration curve in semi-quantitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(125 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calcium Chloride (CaCl2)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Potassium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Phosphate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

The following endogenous and preservative compounds which showed interference at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration were then spiked into negative urine and at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration $\mathrm { \langle 5 0 n g / m L }$ and $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) for the assay.

Interference was observed with Boric Acid at $1 \% \mathrm { w / v }$ . No other significant undesired crossreactants or endogenous/preservative substance interference were observed.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50 % Oxycodone Cutoff(50 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50 % Oxycodone Cutoff(150 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td></tr></table>

# Specific Gravity Interference: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Samples ranging in specific gravity from 1.000 to 1.030 were spiked to a final oxycodone concentration of either $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in both semi-quantitative and qualitative modes. There were no deviations from the expected positive or negative results.

# pH Interference: $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Negative urine and urine spiked with oxycodone to a final oxycodone concentration of either 75 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively) were adjusted to $\mathsf { p H }$ levels from 3 to 11 and tested by the assay. The pH adjusted solutions were evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and there were no deviations from the expected results.

# Precision: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The assay was tested in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode by spiking oxycodone into pooled negative urine at concentrations $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , and $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration.

Results shown below were obtained by testing all samples in replicate of two, two runs a day for 22 days on one Beckman Coulter AU480 automatic clinical analyzer for a total of 88 runs.

Semi-Quantitative Positive/Negative Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDetermination</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 Neg/16 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27 Neg/61 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

Qualitative Positive/Negative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>300 ng/mL Cutoff Result:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Within Run (N=22)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Total Precision (N=88)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneConcentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ImmunoassayResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 Neg / 12 Pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40 Neg / 48 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 %</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22 Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88 Positive</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Recovery: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

To demonstrate recovery of the entire assay range, a drug free-urine pool spiked with oxycodone at $8 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ was serially diluted. Each sample was run in 10 replicates and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TargetConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Range(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DeterminedConcentration Average(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average% Recovery</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>829.6  859.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>843.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>769.7 - 794.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>784.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.9 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>689.6 - 731.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>712.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.4 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>603.8 640.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>624.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.8−-525.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>514.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.1 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>427.2- 451.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>436.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327.6 359.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>345.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242.9 - 260.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.5 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168.3 - 183.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>173.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.7 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>82.9—95.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.2 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-5.2 - 5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr></table>

# Method Comparison - Clinical Samples: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

A total of ninety (90) unaltered clinical samples were tested with the LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyzer. All samples were tested in singlet.

All samples were confirmed with LC/MS for oxycodone and oxymorphone concentrations.

# Semi-Quantitative Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneResults300 ng/mLCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50 % of thecutoffconcentrationby LC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50 %below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50 % abovethe cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Agreement</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.8 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6 %</td></tr></table>

Discordant samples determined when comparing LC/MS oxycodone and oxymorphone results with EIA results on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyser are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxymorphone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalOxycodone +OxymorphoneLC/MS(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414.0</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 1 5 0 - 2 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ \*\* Discordant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 3 0 0 - 4 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Qualitative Accuracy Study:

<table><tr><td>Oxycodone Results 300 ng/mL Cutoff</td><td>Negative</td><td>&lt; 50 % of the cutoff concentration by LC/MS analysis</td><td>Near Cutoff Negative (Between 50 % below the cutoff and the cutoff concentration)</td><td>Near Cutoff Positive (Between the cutoff and 50 % above the cutoff</td><td>High Positive (Greater than 50 % above the cutoff concentration)</td><td>% Agreement</td></tr><tr><td>Positive</td><td>0</td><td>0</td><td>2*</td><td>concentration) 10</td><td>33</td><td>95.6 %</td></tr><tr><td>Negative</td><td>20</td><td>6</td><td>17</td><td>2**</td><td>0</td><td>95.6 %</td></tr></table>

Discordant samples determined when comparing LC/MS oxycodone and oxymorphone results with EIA results on the Beckman Coulter AU480 automated clinical analyser are shown in the table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxycodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MSOxymorphone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TotalOxycodone +OxymorphoneLC/MS(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>256.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>177.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>212.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55**</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>367.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>414.0</td></tr></table>

\* Discordant between $50 \%$ below cutoff and cutoff concentration $( 1 5 0 - 2 9 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ \*\* Discordant between cutoff and $50 \%$ above cutoff concentration $( 3 0 0 - 4 4 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L ) }$

# Cross-reactivity: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

The cross-reactivity of various potentially interfering drugs were tested by spiking various concentrations of each substance into a pool of negative human urine and then evaluated against the assay’s calibration curve in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. All samples were tested in duplicates.

The table below lists the concentration of each test compound that gave a response approximately equivalent to that of the cutoff calibrator (as positive) or the maximal concentration of the compound tested that gave a response below the response of the cutoff calibrator (as negative). Compounds tested at high concentration $( 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ ) with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration ( $\mathrm { 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L } ,$ that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $" < \% > "$ value.

# Oxycodone and Major Metabolites:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr></table>

# Structurally Related Compounds:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine-6β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.40 %</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norhydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ND</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3β-D-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.86 %</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds were additionally spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations (as described below). These solutions were then split into three portions; one without oxycodone, and the remaining two that were further spiked with oxycodone standards to a final oxycodone concentration of $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the cutoff calibrator in qualitative mode and against the assay’s calibration curve in semiquantitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates. Compounds tested at high concentration $\mathrm { 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L ) }$ with results below the cutoff value were listed as Not Detected (ND). Compounds tested below the high concentration $\mathrm { 1 0 0 , 0 0 0 n g / m L ) }$ that gave a result below the cutoff value were given a $^ { 6 6 } < \% ^ { 9 9 }$ value.

Structurally Unrelated Pharmacological Compounds: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">TestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amlodipine Besylate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cetirizine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gabapentin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisinopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Losartan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDA (3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA (3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metformin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1S,2S)-(+)Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salbutamol (Albuterol)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC-COOH(11-Nor-Delta-9-THC-9-carboxylic acid)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">l-Thyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous and Preservative Compound Interference: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Endogenous and Preservative compounds were spiked into pooled negative human urine to desired concentrations. These solutions were then split into three portions; one without oxycodone, and the remaining two that were further spiked with oxycodone standards to a final oxycodone concentration of $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). Samples were then evaluated against the cutoff calibration in qualitative mode and against the assay’s calibration curve in semi-quantitative mode. All samples were tested in duplicates.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Interfering Substance</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25 % Oxycodone Cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium Chloride (CaCl2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citric Acid (pH 3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">γ-Globulin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-hydroxybutyric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Serum Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Potassium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Fluoride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Neg</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pos</td></tr></table>

The following endogenous and preservative compounds which showed interference at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentrations were then spiked into negative urine and at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration $( 1 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $4 5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ for the assay.

No other significant undesired cross-reactants or endogenous/preservative substance interference were observed.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Interfering Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentrationof Compound(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50 % Oxycodone Cutoff(150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50 % Oxycodone Cutoff(450 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos</td></tr></table>

# Specific Gravity Interference: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Samples ranging in specific gravity from 1.000 to 1.030 were spiked to a final oxycodone concentration of either $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ or $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively). These samples were then evaluated in both semi-quantitative and qualitative modes. There were no deviations from the expected positive or negative results.

# $\mathbf { p H }$ Interference: $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ Cutoff

Negative urine and urine spiked with oxycodone to a final oxycodone concentration of either 225 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ (as negative or positive controls, $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration, respectively) were adjusted to $\mathsf { p H }$ levels from 3 to 11 levels and tested by the assay. The pH adjusted solutions were evaluated in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and there were no deviations from the expected results.

# Conclusions:

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the LZI Oxycodone III Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its intended use, as demonstrated through comparison of intended use and performance characteristics.