Immunalysis Corporation Elina Arroyo Manager Regulatory Affairs 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, California 91767

Re: K203564 Trade/Device Name: SEFRIATM Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: October 7, 2021 Received: October 8, 2021

Dear Elina Arroyo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiologial Health

Enclosure

Device Name SEFRIA™ Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay

Indications for Use (Describe) For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

The Immunalysis SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid collected by Quantisal or Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Device. The assay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of oxycodone in human oral fluid with clinical analyzers. This assay is calibrated against oxycodone.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Immunalysis SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number: k203564

# A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Applicant Name:

Immunalysis Corporation 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767 Establishment # 2020952

# Company Contact:

Elina Arroyo, Manager Regulatory Affairs   
Immunalysis Corporation   
829 Towne Center Drive, Pomona, CA 91767 USA   
(224) 361-7080   
elina.arroyo@abbott.com

Date Prepared:

October 7, 2021

# B. DEVICE IDENTIFICATION

Trade or Proprietary Names: SEFRIATM Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay Common Name: Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay

# C. REGULATORY INFORMATION

Device Classification Name: Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates

Product Codes:

DJG

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Classification Regulation:

862.3650

Panel:

Toxicology (91)

Predicate Device:

Thermo Scientific CEDIA Opiate OFT Assay [K101754]

# D. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay is an in vitro test to detect the presence of oxycodone in human oral fluid samples collected by Quantisal or Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Device.

Oxycodone was developed in Germany in 1916, intended to be a better medication than other opioids such as codeine and morphine but unfortunately has significant potential for abuse and addiction. It is an opioid analgesic, most often prescribed to control moderate to severe pain; one in 16 surgical patients becomes a long-term user. Overprescribing opioids after surgery is common, and the lack of multidisciplinary procedure-specific guidelines contributes to the wide variation in opioid prescribing practice. [1] Oxycodone is present in formulations combined with other pain-relieving drugs like acetaminophen (Percocet $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ) or as extended release tablets (OxyContin $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ ). The disposition of oxycodone in oral fluid has been well documented showing the main drug found after intake is the parent compound. After a single dose of $2 0 \mathrm { m g }$ oxycodone, concentrations as high as $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ may be detected in oral fluid.[2] Oral fluid has been shown to be a useful matrix for the analysis of oxycodone in patients undergoing addiction treatment.[3], [4]

# E. INTENDED USE

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use.

The Immunalysis SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ in neat oral fluid collected by Quantisal or Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Device. The assay is intended for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of oxycodone in human oral fluid with clinical analyzers. This assay is calibrated against oxycodone.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The Immunalysis SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# F. COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE

The selected predicate device is Thermo Scientific CEDIA Opiate OFT Assay K101754.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceSEFRIA Oxycodone Oral FluidEnzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceThermo Scientific CEDIA OpiateOFT Assay [K101754]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>antibody reagent, drug conjugatereagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 ng/mL in Neat Oral Fluid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UserEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human oral fluid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MassSpectrometryConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative and semi-quantitativeanalysis of oxycodone in humanoral fluid collected by Quantisal orQuantisal II Oral Fluid CollectionDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative determination of opiatesin human oral fluid collected byOral-EzeTM Saliva CollectionSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CalibratedAgainst</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SampleCollectionDevice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid is collected with theQuantisal and Quantisal II OralFluid Collection Device. Sample isstored in a plastic tube containingpreservative buffer with snap cap.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oral fluid is collected with theOral-EzeTM Saliva CollectionSystem. Sample is stored in aplastic tube containing preservativebuffer with snap cap.</td></tr></table>

# G. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay to the predicate device. Assay performance was established using the Beckman Coulter AU480 chemistry analyzer.

# 1. Precision

Precision study was performed over 15 days, 2 runs per day with 2 collection devices per run $\scriptstyle ( \mathrm { N } = 6 0$ ), one replicate per collection device on 1 lot of reagent and 1 lot of Quantisal and 1 lot of Quantisal II oral fluid collection devices. Drug free negative oral fluid was spiked to concentrations of assay cutoff and $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff and was collected using the collection devices. The spiked concentrations were confirmed by mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) before collection. The study established the repeatability of the testing system, including assay and oral fluid collection device. Test results in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes are presented in Tables 1 to 6.

An additional 20-day study was performed on 3 lots of assay reagent to demonstrate the repeatability across multiple reagent lots.

Table 1. Precision – Qualitative - Quantisal   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 Neg/29 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 2. Precision - Semi-Quantitative - Quantisal   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-0.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 Neg/44 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>64.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Precision – Qualitative – Quantisal II Pad A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr></table>

Table 4. Precision - Semi-Quantitative – Quantisal II Pad A   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31 Neg/29 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Precision – Qualitative – Quantisal II Pad B   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36 Neg/24 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28 Neg/32 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 6. Precision - Semi-Quantitative - Quantisal II Pad B   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% ofCutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"># ofDeterminations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 Neg/32 Pos</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">37.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">52.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">67.1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60 Positive</td></tr></table>

# 2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity

Structurally and functionally similar compounds were spiked into drug free pooled oral fluid at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoff, if cross reacting. The study verified the cross reactivity of the oxycodone assay to related drugs and drug metabolites, in both the qualitative and semiquantitative modes. Cross-reactivity test results in qualitative mode are presented in Table 7. Crossreactivity test results in semi-quantitative mode are presented in Table 8.

Table 7. Cross-Reactivity – Qualitative   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CompoundConc. (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OxycodoneEquivalentConc. (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4,750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12,500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.08</td></tr></table>

Table 8. Cross-Reactivity – Semi-Quantitative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompoundConc. (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OxycodoneEquivalentConc. (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanValue(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4,750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12,500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.08</td></tr></table>

# 3. Interference – Structurally Unrelated Compounds

Structurally unrelated compounds were evaluated in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes by spiking the potential interferent into drug free oral fluid containing oxycodone at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. At the levels tested, there was no interference with structurally unrelated compounds. The concentration levels of structurally unrelated compounds are presented in Table 9.

Table 9. Non-Interfering Structurally Unrelated Compounds   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conc. Tested (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S-(+) Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dehydronorketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine Methyl Ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-β-D-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyltapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40,000</td></tr></table>

# 4. Interference – Endogenous Compounds and Exogenous Compounds

Endogenous compounds and exogenous compounds were evaluated in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes by spiking the potential interferent into drug free oral fluid containing oxycodone at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. Additional orally used products were tested by collecting oral fluid using Quantisal and Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Devices from volunteers after use of the substances. At the levels tested, there was no interference observed with endogenous compounds, exogenous compounds and orally used compounds. Endogenous compounds and exogenous compounds are presented in Tables 10 and 11. Orally used compounds are presented in Table 12.

Table 10. Non-interfering Endogenous Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.45 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.8 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>IgM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salivary-α-amylase</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 U/mL</td></tr></table>

Table 11. Non-interfering Exogenous Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baking Soda</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Denture Adhesive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alcohol (Ethanol)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cough Syrup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Coffee</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cranberry Juice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen Peroxide (3% OTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Milk</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouthwash</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Orange Juice</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Soft Drink (Pepsi)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sugar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 mg/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toothpaste</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6% v/v</td></tr></table>

Table 12. Non-interfering Orally Used Exogenous Products   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Teeth Whitener</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 strips</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cigarette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 cigarette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hard Candy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 piece</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chewing Gum</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 piece</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrogen Peroxide (3% OTC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Neat (2 min. mouth rinse)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sugar</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Teaspoons</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cough Syrup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Teaspoons</td></tr></table>

# 5. Interference – pH

To evaluate potential interference from the effect of oral fluid $\mathsf { p H }$ , device performance in the qualitative and semi-quantitative modes was tested using a range of oral fluid $\mathsf { p H }$ values (3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 and 11.0). All test samples were prepared in drug free oral fluid containing oxycodone at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. At the pH levels tested, there was no interference observed for each test mode.

# 6. Linearity/Recovery

Assay linearity was evaluated in the semi-quantitative mode by spiking a drug free oral fluid pool with a high concentration of oxycodone. Additional pools were made by serially diluting the high concentration specimen with drug free oral fluid to achieve concentrations ranging from $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ to $1 1 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The $0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ specimen was made from drug free oral fluid. Each pool was collected by Quantisal and Quantisal II oral fluid collection devices and tested in triplicate to calculate the mean concentration values that were used to calculate drug recovery. Linearity test results in semi-quantitative mode are presented in Tables 13 to 15. The study confirmed the linear range to be $\scriptstyle 1 0 - 1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ with a drug recovery percentage of $9 0 . 6 \%$ to $1 1 1 . 6 \%$ across the collection devices.

Table 13. Linearity/Recovery – Quantisal   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.2</td></tr></table>

Table 14. Linearity/Recovery – Quantisal II “A”   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.7</td></tr></table>

Table 15. Linearity/Recovery – Quantisal II “B”   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.0</td></tr></table>

# 7. Oxycodone Stability in Oral Fluid

Drug free negative oral fluid spiked with oxycodone at $+ 5 0 \%$ of the $3 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff were collected and stored in Quantisal and Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Devices at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } $ , tested by LC-MS/MS at each time point and compared to the baseline concentration result. The test results indicate that oral fluid samples containing oxycodone are stable for up to 12 months stored in Quantisal or Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Device at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

Data to support 10-day storage in Quantisal or Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Device at ambient temperature $8 ^ { \circ } C - 2 5 ^ { \circ } C$ were reported in K183048 and K200801.

# 8. Calibration Duration

Drug free negative oral fluid spiked with oxycodone at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff were tested in qualitative mode at time points up to 14 days and in semi-quantitative at time points up to 25 days. At the initial time point, a two-point calibration curve was established in qualitative mode and multi-points calibration curve was established in semi-quantitative mode. These calibrations were used through the duration of the study. The test results met acceptance criteria at each time point up to 24 days. The recommended frequency of calibration is 14 days.

# 9. Method Comparison

Eighty (80) deidentified, unaltered clinical oral fluid samples collected by Quantisal and Quantisal II Oral Fluid Collection Devices were obtained from clinical research facilities, analyzed for oxycodone at assay cutoff with the SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and compared to Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LCMS/MS) results. The instruments used were the Beckman Coulter AU480 chemistry analyzer and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry. The data demonstrate that the design goal of greater than $9 5 \%$ agreement was achieved. Method comparison test results in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes are presented from Tables 16 to 18.

Table 16. Method Comparison – Quantisal   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS Oxycodone Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15 ng/mL(less than-50%cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 - 29 ng/mL(between -50%cutoff andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 45 ng/mL(betweencutoff and+50% cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 45 ng/mL(greaterthan +50%cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Semi-Quant.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr></table>

Table 17. Method Comparison – Quantisal II “A”   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS Oxycodone Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15 ng/mL(less than-50%cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 - 29 ng/mL(between -50%cutoff andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 45 ng/mL(betweencutoff and+50% cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 45 ng/mL(greaterthan +50%cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Semi-Quant.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr></table>

Table 18. Method Comparison – Quantisal II “B”   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ImmunoassayResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS Oxycodone Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 15 ng/mL(less than-50%cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15 - 29 ng/mL(between -50%cutoff andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30 - 45 ng/mL(betweencutoff and+50% cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 45 ng/mL(greaterthan +50%cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Semi-Quant.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (40/40)</td></tr></table>

# H. CONCLUSION

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the SEFRIA Oxycodone Oral Fluid Enzyme Immunoassay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device for its intended use.