May 9, 2022

Immunalysis Corporation Elina Arroyo Manager Regulatory Affairs 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, California 91767

Re: K203527 Trade/Device Name: Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIATM Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: February 10, 2022 Received: February 11, 2022

Dear Elina Arroyo:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k203527

Device Name Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIAm

Indications for Use (Describe) For in vitro diagnostic use.

The Inmunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIATM is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of ${ 2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L } }$ The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of tapentadol in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against tapentadol. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIATM provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any test result, particularly when preliminary ositive results are used.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number"

# 510(K) SUMMARY

510(K) NUMBER: K203527

# A. GENERAL INFORMATION

Applicant Name:

Immunalysis Corporation 829 Towne Center Drive Pomona, CA 91767 Establishment # 2020952

# Company Contact:

Elina Arroyo   
Associate Director, Regulatory Affairs   
1 312-208-1514   
elina.arroyo@abbott.com

Date Prepared:

February 10, 2022

# B. DEVICE IDENTIFICATION

Trade or Proprietary Names: Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ Common Name: Tapentadol Urine Enzyme Immunoassay

# C. REGULATORY INFORMATION

Device Classification Name: Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates

Product Codes:

DJG

Regulatory Class:

Class II

Classification Regulation:

Panel:

Toxicology (91)

Predicate Device:

Immunalysis Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay [K141803]

# D. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of tapentadol in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against tapentadol. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation using a confirmatory method such as Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid ChromatographyTandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).

Tapentadol is a centrally acting analgesic approved by the FDA in 2008 to treat moderate to severe pain in adults. It is a $\mu$ -opioid receptor agonist and is classified as a Schedule II controlled substance. The therapeutic doses of tapentadol are generally between 50 and $6 0 0 \mathrm { m g / }$ day (the range specified by the package insert)1 with a median of $2 0 0 \mathrm { m g / d a y }$ . About $9 9 \%$ of ingested tapentadol undergoes glucuronide conjugation $( 5 5 \% )$ and sulfate conjugation $( 1 5 \% )$ before excretion into the urine2,3 . Wu et al4 . described urine concentrations of tapentadol and its metabolites in 736 samples. The parent drug and all three metabolites were detected together in $7 9 . 9 \%$ of positive specimens $( \mathtt { n } = 5 8 6 )$ ); the parent drug was detected together with glucuronide conjugate in $7 . 1 \%$ of positive samples. Parent drug was detected without metabolites in 49 samples. The median

concentration observed for tapentadol was $3 , 1 0 4 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and the concentrations of tapentadol exceeding $5 , 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ were found in $3 7 . 5 \%$ of positive samples.

# E. INTENDED USE

For in vitro diagnostic use.

The Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA $\mathbf { \Pi } _ { \cdot } ^ { \mathbf { T M } }$ is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with a cutoff of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The assay is intended for use in laboratories for the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of tapentadol in human urine with automated clinical chemistry analyzers. This assay is calibrated against tapentadol. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation using a confirmatory method such as Gas Chromatography/ Mass Spectrometry (GC-MS) or Liquid ChromatographyTandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).

# F. COMPARISON WITH PREDICATE

Immunalysis Tramadol Enzyme Immunoassay was selected as the predicate because both Tapentadol and Tramadol are in the opioid family and share identical characteristics except for the analyte being detected. The following Table 5-1 includes a summary of the technological characteristics.

Table 5-1 Comparison to Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Attribute</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceImmunalysis Tapentadol UrineHEIATM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceImmunalysis Tramadol EnzymeImmunoassay [K141803]</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis of an opioid inhuman urine with automatedclinical chemistry analyzers.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Principle</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UserEnvironment</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For use in laboratories</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MassSpectrometryConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required for preliminary positiveanalytical results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two analytical reagents:antibody/substrate reagent andenzyme labeled conjugate reagent</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Assay CutoffLevel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrumentation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated Clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recombinant FAB antibody toTapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Goat Polyclonal Antibody toTramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td></tr></table>

# G. PERFORMANCE CHARACTERISTICS

The following laboratory performance studies were performed to determine substantial equivalence of the Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ to the predicate device. Assay performance was established using the Beckman Coulter AU480 chemistry analyzer.

# 1. Precision

Precision study was performed over 20 days, two runs per day in duplicates $( 2 0 \times 2 \times 2$ replicates per panel member) for a total of 80 replicates $( \mathrm { N } { = } 8 0 )$ ) on 3 lots of reagent. Nine panel members were made using Drug free negative urine as the base sample and 8 panel members were spiked to concentrations of assay cutoff and $\pm 2 5 \%$ , $\pm 5 0 \%$ , $\pm 7 5 \%$ , $\pm 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff $( 2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ . The concentrations used for spiking were confirmed by mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The data demonstrates all sample concentration ranging from $- 1 0 0 \%$ to $- 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff were negative and all sample concentrations ranging from $+ 2 5 \%$ to $+ 1 0 0 \%$ of cutoff were positive for both qualitative and semi-quantitative interpretations. The $\% \mathrm { C V }$ of the semi-quantitative results ranged from 3.6 to 9.7 for all lots tested. The study established the repeatability of the assay. Test results in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes for a representative lot are presented in Tables 2 to 7.

Table 2. Precision – Qualitative Lot#1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41 Neg / 39 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 3. Precision – Qualitative Lot#2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35 Neg / 45 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 4. Precision – Qualitative Lot#3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Determinations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42 Neg / 38 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 5. Precision - Semi-Quantitative Lot#1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 Neg / 78 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>372</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>431</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 6. Precision - Semi-Quantitative Lot#2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>213</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 Neg / 72 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>263</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 7. Precision - Semi-Quantitative Lot#3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>215</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7 Neg / 73 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80 Positive</td></tr></table>

# 2. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity

Structurally and functionally similar compounds were spiked into drug free urine at levels that will yield a result that is equivalent to the cutoff. The data demonstrates all sample compounds tested were negative by both the qualitative and semi-quantitative interpretations except for N-desmethyl tapentadol and tapentadol glucuronide. The $\%$ of cross- reactivity of the semi-quantitative results was $< 0 . 2 \%$ for all compounds tested except for N-desmethyl tapentadol with $1 5 . 7 \%$ and tapentadol glucuronide with $0 . 5 \%$ of cross- reactivity. Cross-reactivity test results in qualitative mode are presented in Table 8. Cross-reactivity test results in semi-quantitative mode are presented in Table 9.

Table 8. Cross-Reactivity – Qualitative   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound Conc.(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TapentadolEquivalentConc.(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">43,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">POS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NEG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2</td></tr></table>

Table 9. Cross-Reactivity – Semi-Quantitative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CompoundConc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TapentadolEquivalentConc.(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MeanValue(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-desmethyl tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-desmethyl tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-desmethyl tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-desmethyl venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-1.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.2</td></tr></table>

# 3. Interference – Structurally Unrelated Compounds

Structurally unrelated compounds were evaluated in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing tapentadol at

$\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. The levels of structurally unrelated compounds that did not interfere in the assay are presented in Table 10.

Table 10. Non-Interfering Structurally Unrelated Compounds   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conc. Tested (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atomoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cetirizine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-(3-Chlorophenylpiperazine) mCPP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citalopram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dehydronorketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desakylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrohydroxcarbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine Methyl Ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1S,2R (+)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl-β-D-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDEA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaquolone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R(-)-Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine (PPA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PMMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R (-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">S,S (+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ritalinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1R,2S (-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicyclic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclopentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mephenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenylsuccinimide (mCPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mirtazapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">n-desmethylcitalopram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nor-LAAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normesuximide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PEMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr></table>

# 4. Interference – Endogenous Compounds and Urine Preservatives

Endogenous compounds and urine preservatives were evaluated in qualitative and semiquantitative modes by spiking the potential interferent into drug free urine containing tapentadol at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. Due to the interference of boric acid observed at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff, potential interference was also evaluated at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff. Endogenous compounds and urine preservative tested that did not interfere in the assay are presented in Tables 11 and 12. Boric acid interference test results at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff in qualitative and semi-quantitative modes are presented in Table 13.

Table 11. Non-interfering Endogenous Compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.01 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.0075 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0 g/dL</td></tr></table>

Table 12. Non-interfering Urine Preservative   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration Tested</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Azide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Fluoride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td></tr></table>

Table 13. Interference at $\pm 5 0 \%$ of the Cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-50% Cutoff (50 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>+50% Cutoff (150 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeResult</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1% w/v</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# 5. Interference – pH

To evaluate potential interference from the effect of urine $\mathsf { p H }$ on the assay’s ability to detect tapentadol, device performance in the qualitative and semi-quantitative modes was tested using a range of urine $\mathsf { p H }$ values (3.0, 4.0, 5.0, 6.0, 7.0, 8.0, 9.0, 10.0 and 11.0). All test samples were prepared in drug free urine containing tapentadol at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. No positive or negative interference was observed at urine $\mathsf { p H }$ values ranging from 3.0 to 11.0 for each test mode.

# 6. Interference - Specific Gravity

To evaluate potential interference from the specific gravity of urine on the assay’s ability to detect tapentadol, device performance in the qualitative and semi-quantitative modes was tested using a range of physiologically relevant urine specific gravity values (1.000, 1.002, 1.005, 1.010, 1.015, 1.020, 1.025 and 1.030). All test samples were prepared in drug free urine containing tapentadol at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff. No positive or negative interference was observed at urine specific gravity values ranging from 1.000 to 1.030 for each test mode.

# 7. Linearity/Recovery

A linearity study in the semi-quantitative mode was conducted by spiking a drug free urine pool with a high concentration of tapentadol above the highest calibrator. Additional pools were made by serially diluting the high concentration specimen with drug free urine to achieve concentrations ranging from 1100 to $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The $0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ specimen was made from drug free urine. Each pool was tested in triplicate to calculate the mean concentration values that were used to calculate drug recovery of tapentadol. The study confirmed the linear range to be $1 0 0 { - } 1 1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay drug recovery percentage ranged from 95.8 to $1 1 0 . 4 \%$ . Linearity test results in semi-quantitative mode are presented in Tables 14.

Table 14. Linearity/Recovery – Tapentadol   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>417.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>531.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>614.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>721.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>827.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>907.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>980.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1054.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.8</td></tr></table>

# 8. Calibration Duration

Drug free negative urine spiked with tapentadol at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff were tested in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode at time points up to 14 days. At the initial time point, a two-point calibration curve was established in qualitative mode and a multi-point calibration curve was established in semi-quantitative mode. This calibration was used through the duration of this study. The test results met acceptance criteria at each time point. The recommended frequency of calibration is 14 days.

# 9. Tapentadol Stability in Urine

Urine samples were collected from 4 participants who reported taking tapentadol in the last 24 hours. These samples were tested within 4 hours of sample collection. Test results indicated that urine samples containing tapentadol are stable for up to 14 days stored at $2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ .

# 10. Method Comparison

A method comparison study was performed using 160 deidentified remnant unaltered clinical urine samples obtained from clinical testing laboratories. The urine samples were analyzed for tapentadol using the Immunalysis tapentadol Urine HEIA™ in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS). The instruments used were the Beckman Coulter AU480 chemistry analyzer and an Agilent 6430 Liquid Chromatography-Tandem Mass Spectrometry. The method comparison study demonstrates that the Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ is an accurate test method in comparison to LC-MS/MS with a positive percent agreement (PPA) and negative percent agreement (NPA) of $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ , respectively. The results are presented from Tables 15 and 16.

Table 15. Method Comparison Results by Concentration Range   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>ImmunalysisTapentadol UrineHEIATM Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>LC-MS/MS Tapentadol Concentration</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Agreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;100ng/mL(less than-50%cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 - 199ng/mL(between -50% cutoffand cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 - 300ng/mL(betweencutoff and+50% cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 300 ng/mL(greaterthan +50%cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qual.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (95/95)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(65/65)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Semi-Quant.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%(95/95)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100% (65/65)</td></tr></table>

Table 16. Method Comparison Results Compared to LC-MS/MS   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIATM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>LC-MS/MS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Semi-Quantitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>65</td></tr></table>

# H. CONCLUSION

The information provided in this pre-market notification demonstrates that the Immunalysis Tapentadol Urine HEIA™ is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device.