W.H.P.M., Inc.   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Manager   
LSI Consulting   
504E Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K210327 Trade/Device Name: First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3700 Regulation Name: Propoxyphene Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: QBF, NGG, NFY, NFT, NFW, NFV, NGL, PTG, LCM, PTH, QAW Dated: February 2, 2021 Received: February 4, 2021

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of

Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td rowspan="3">Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known) k210327</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe) First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5- dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine (AMP) $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Buprenorphine (BUP) 10 ng/mL Butalbital (BAR) $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Oxazepam (BZO) $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Cocaine (COC) $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDT) $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methamphetamine (MET) $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA) $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000) $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methadone (MDT) 300 ng/mL Oxycodone (OXY) 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine (PCP) 25 ng/mL Propoxyphene (PPX) 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline (TCA) 1000 ng/mL Marijuana (THC) 50 ng/mL

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/ MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td>Drug(Identifier)</td><td>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td>1000ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Butalbital (BAR)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine (COC)</td><td>300ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDT)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td>1000ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td>2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone (MDT)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana (THC)</td><td>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes. The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/ MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2020</td></tr></table>

k210327

Device Name First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup

Indications for Use (Describe)

First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2- ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine (AMP) $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Buprenorphine (BUP) 10 ng/mL Butalbital (BAR) 300 ng/mL Oxazepam (BZO) 300 ng/mL Cocaine (COC) $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ 2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDT) $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methamphetamine (MET) $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA) $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000) $2 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Methadone (MDT) 300 ng/mL Oxycodone (OXY) 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine (PCP) 25 ng/mL Propoxyphene (PPX) 300 ng/mL Nortriptyline (TCA) 1000 ng/mL Marijuana (THC) 50 ng/mL

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/ MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription use.

First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2- ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

Drug(Identifier) Amphetamine (AMP) Buprenorphine (BUP) Butalbital (BAR)

Cut-off level   
1000ng/mL or 500 ng/mL   
10 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL

<table><tr><td>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine (COC)</td><td>300ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2-ethylidene-1, 5-dimethyl-3, 3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDT)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td>1000ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td>2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone (MDT)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana (THC)</td><td>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/ MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

1. Date:

August 10, 2021

2. Submitter:

W.H.P.M., Inc. 5358 Irwindale Ave. Irwindale, CA 91706

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc 504E Diamond Ave., Suite J Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: shiajl@yahoo.com.

4. Device Name:

First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup

Classification:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product Code</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Classification</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFTAmphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">II</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3100, Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLBuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTHSecobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">¤</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3150, Barbiturate TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFVOxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFYCocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3250, Cocaine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTG2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3620, Methadone TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">¤</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTGMethadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">¤</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3620, Methadone TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLOxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LCMPhencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QBFPropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3700 Propoxyphene testsystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWNortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">I</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3910 Tricyclic antidepressantdrugs test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFWCannabinoids</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ⅱ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices: K182701

Wondfo T-Cup $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

6. Intended Use First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital,

Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butalbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>[1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug (Identifier)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital (BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine (COC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana (THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription use.

First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Butalbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Propoxyphene, Nortriptyline and Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug (Identifier)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital (BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine (COC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine (MOP 300/OPI 2000)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000 ng/mL or 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">[100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana (THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Butalbital, Nortriptyline, Propoxyphene and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only. It is for prescription use.

7. Device Description The First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card, First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup, First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card and First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Butalbital, Methadone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Tricyclic Antidepressants, EDDP and Propoxyphene (target analytes) in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices. The Dip Card kits contain a Dip Card device, a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. The Cup kits contain a Cup device, a package insert and a urine cup for sample collection. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

Table 1: Features Comparison of First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate - K182701</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for Use</td><td>For the qualitative determination of drugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator and Cut-Off Values</td><td>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mL Oxazepam (BZO):300 ng/ml Cocaine (COC): 300 ng/ml or 150 ng/mL 11-Nor-∆ 9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH (THC):50 ng/ml Methamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mL Morphine (OPI 2000/MOP 300): 2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mL Oxycodone (OXY) : 100 ng/ml Butalbital (BAR): 300 ng/ml Methadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlD,L-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP):300 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographicassays based on the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate - K182701</td></tr><tr><td>Indication(s) for Use</td><td>For the qualitative determination of drugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Calibrator and Cut-Off Values</td><td>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mL Oxazepam (BZO):300 ng/ml Cocaine (COC): 300 ng/ml or 150 ng/mL 11-Nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH (THC):50 ng/ml Methamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mL Morphine (OPI 2000/MOP 300): 2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mL Oxycodone (OXY): 100 ng/ml Butalbital (BAR): 300 ng/ml Methadone (MTD): 300 ng/ml Buprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/ml D,L-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500 ng/ml Phencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/ml Nortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/ml 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP): 300 ng/ml Propoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Methodology Type of Test</td><td>Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays based on the principle of antigen antibody immunochemistry. Qualitative</td><td>Same Same</td></tr></table>

Table 3: Features Comparison of First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K182701</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of drugs of abuse in humanurine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator andCut-Off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mLOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine (COC): 300 ng/ml or 150 ng/mL11-Nor-∆9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH (THC):50 ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mLMorphine (OPI 2000/MOP 300): 2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mLOxycodone (OXY) : 100 ng/mlButalbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlD,L-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP):300 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographicassays based on the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For over-the-counter</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Features Comparison of First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup Tests and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K182701</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator andCut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mLOxazepam (BZO):300 ng/mlCocaine (COC): 300 ng/ml or 150 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH (THC):50ng/mlMethamphetamine (MET): 1,000 ng/ml or 500 ng/mLMorphine (OPI 2000/MOP 300): 2000ng/mL or 300 ng/mLOxycodone (OXY): 100 ng/mlButalbital (BAR): 300 ng/mlMethadone (MTD): 300 ng/mlBuprenorphine (BUP): 10 ng/mlD,L-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA): 500ng/mlPhencyclidine (PCP): 25 ng/mlNortriptyline (TCA): 1000 ng/ml2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine(EDDP): 300 ng/mlPropoxyphene (PPX): 300 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays based on the principleof antigen antibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For prescription</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For over-the-counter</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cup</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

The First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card, First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup, First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card, and First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of Amphetamine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Marijuana, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxycodone, Butalbital, Methadone, Buprenorphine, Phencyclidine,

Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Tricyclic Antidepressants, 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine and Propoxyphene in urine samples. The tests are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays. During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. If target drugs present in the urine specimen are below the cut-off concentration, it will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal mouse antibody coated on the particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the target drug level exceeds its cutoff-concentration because it will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody coated on the particles. A band should form in the control region of the devices regardless of the presence of drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days per device in a randomized order. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables for Propoxyphene. The data for AMP1000, COC300 and THC were reported in the cleared k142353. The data for BUP, BAR and MOP 300 were reported in the cleared k152551. The data for BZO, MET1000 and MOP 2000 were reported in the cleared k150162. The data for MTD, PCP and OXY were reported in the cleared k151441. The data for EDDP, MDMA and TCA were reported in the cleared k160793. The data for AMP 500, COC150 and MET 500 were reported in the cleared First Sign submission of k171695.

# Propoxyphene

Dip Card   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>416.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>558.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-/46+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-/46+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut-off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>165.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>248.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>339.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>416.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>558.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>677.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3-/47+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-/48+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

The cut-off value of $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ is verified for propoxyphene.

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $5 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ . Real time stability studies are ongoing.

d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentrations at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed between the Dip Card and the Cup formats.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other structurally related compounds that are likely to cross-react in urine samples were spiked into negative urine and were tested using three lots of each device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below for Propoxyphene. The data for AMP1000, COC300 and THC were reported in the cleared k142353. The data for BUP, BAR and MOP 300 were reported in the cleared k152551. The data for BZO, MET1000 and MOP 2000 were reported in the cleared k150162. The data for MTD, PCP and OXY were reported in the cleared k151441. The data for EDDP, MDMA and TCA were reported in the cleared k160793. The data for AMP 500, COC150 and MET 500 were reported in the cleared First Sign submission of k171695. There were no differences observed between the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene(Cut-off=300 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at(ng/ml)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpropoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed between the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card and the First Sign MultiDrug Test Cup were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each device. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below for Propoxyphene. The data for AMP1000, COC300 and THC were reported in the cleared k142353. The data for BUP, BAR and MOP 300 were reported in the cleared k152551. The data for BZO, MET1000 and MOP 2000 were reported in the cleared k150162. The data for MTD, PCP and OXY were reported in the cleared k151441. The data for EDDP, MDMA and TCA were reported in the cleared k160793. The data for AMP 500, COC150 and MET 500 were reported in the cleared First Sign submission of k171695.

# Propoxyphene

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip CardViewer Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200406-030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>268.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200408-001</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200407-003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerB</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ViewerC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CupViewerResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200408-032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200408-032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20200406-010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>327.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons for each device format. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drugs into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. Each device was tested. Typical Results are shown below.

First Sign Multi-Drug Test Configuration 1 (including AMP 500, MET 500, MOP 300, COC 150):

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">correct results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC 150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">EDDP 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MOP 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OXY 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP 25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PPX 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">THC 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Configuration 2 (AMP 1000, MET 1000, MOP 2000 (OPI), COC 300):

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">EDDP 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OPI 2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OXY 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP 25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PPX 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">THC 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison, and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the First Sign Multi-Drug Test Dip Card, First Sign Multi-Drug Test Cup, First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Dip Card and First Sign Multi-Drug Screen Test Cup are substantially equivalent to the predicate.