December 21, 2022

Microgenics Corporation   
Pranjali Shinde   
Senior Regulatory Affairs Specialist   
46500 Kato Road   
Fremont, CA 94538

Re: K213875 Trade/Device Name: DRI ™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3910 Regulation Name: Tricyclic antidepressant drugs test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFH Dated: August 19, 2022 Received: August 23, 2022

Dear Pranjali Shinde:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR

803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Division Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) in human serum, plasma, or urine of patients at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in patients suspected of drug overdose.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LCMS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# A. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pranjali ShindeMicrogenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA-94538Email:Pranjali.Shinde@Thermofisher.comPhone: 213-344-9952Fax: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITM Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITM Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFH, Class II,21 CFR 862. 3910  Tricyclic antidepressant drugs testsystem, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Serum Tox EIA Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device Manufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device CommonName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclic Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K983268</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFH, Class II,21 CFR 862. 3910  Tricyclic antidepressant drugs testsystem, 91  Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# C. Description of Device

The DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay using ready to-use liquid reagents. Specific tricyclic antibodies were used to detect most tricyclic antidepressants in serum, plasma, or urine. The test is based on the competition of an enzyme, glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), labeled-drug and the drug from the sample for a fixed amount of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of the drug from the sample, the specific antibody binds the enzyme-labeled drug and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a direct relationship between drug concentration in the sample and the enzyme activity. The enzyme activity is determined spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

The DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox assay is supplied as a two liquid reagent kit (Reagent A and Reagent E). They are bottled separately within the same kit, see details below:

Antibody/Substrate Reagent (Reagent A): Contains polyclonal anti-tricyclics antibodies (sheep), glucose-6- phosphate (G6P), and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a preservative. Enzyme Conjugate Reagent (Reagent E): Contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with nortriptyline in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a preservative.

# CI. Intended Use

The DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) in human serum, plasma, or urine of patients at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ in patients suspected of drug overdose.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# E. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:DRITM Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay(K213875)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:Tricyclic Serum Tox EIA Assay(K983268)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DRITM Tricyclics Serum ToxAssay is a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay intended for thequalitative and/orsemiquantitative determination ofthe presence of tricyclicantidepressants (TCAs) in humanserum, plasma, or urine of patientsat a cutoff concentration of 300ng/mL in patients suspected ofdrug overdose.The semi-quantitative mode is forthe purpose of enablinglaboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of thespecimen for confirmation by aconfirmatory method such asLiquid Chromatography/TandemMass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS)or permitting laboratories toestablish quality controlprocedures.The assay provides only apreliminary analytical test result.A more specific alternativechemical method must be used toobtain a confirmed analyticalresult. LiquidChromatography/Tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method.Clinical and professionaljudgment should be applied to anydrug of abuse test result,</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">particularly when preliminarypositive results are used.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma, Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready-to-use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep polyclonal antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Monoclonal antibodies</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 °C until expiration date.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principal Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levelsfor Semi-Quant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-point Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-point Calibrator</td></tr></table>

# F. Test Principle

The DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay using ready-to use liquid reagents. The assay uses specific tricyclic antibodies, which can detect most tricyclic antidepressants in serum, plasma, or urine. The DRI technology is based on the competition of an enzyme glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled-drug and the drug from the serum, plasma, or urine sample for a fixed amount of specific antibody binding sites. In the presence of free drug from the sample, the free drug occupies the antibody binding sites, allowing the drug-labeled G6PDH to interact with the substrate, resulting in enzyme activity. In the absence of drug from the sample, the specific antibody binds to the drug labeled with G6PDH and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a direct relationship between the drug concentration in the serum, plasma, or urine and the enzyme activity. The enzyme G6PDH activity is determined spectrophotometrically at $3 4 0 \mathrm { n m }$ by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

# G. Summary of Supporting Data

Analytical Performance: The performance was evaluated on Architect c4000 clinical chemistry analyzer.

# a) Precision

Precision studies were performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP05-A3.

Samples were prepared by spiking Nortriptyline in both drug-free serum and drug-free urine at the cutoff, $2 5 \%$ , $50 \%$ , $7 5 \%$ , and $100 \%$ above and below the cutoff.

# Repeatability:

The study was conducted for 20 days with 2 runs per day, 2 replicates per run in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes with 1 lot of reagent, calibrators, and controls. There were 80 replicates for each level of precision samples. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The results of the precision study (Repeatability) are presented in the table below.

Table 1: Precision study data (Repeatability) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10/70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19/61</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Precision study data (Repeatability) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68/12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>73/7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility:

The study was conducted for 5 days with 1 run per day, 5 replicates per run in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes with 2 lots of reagents on 3 different instruments. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The results of the precision study (Reproducibility) are presented in the table below.

Table 3: Precision study data (Reproducibility) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30/45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29/46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr></table>

Table 4: Precision study data (Reproducibility) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Spiked% ofConcentrationCutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=75)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativeImmunoassay Results(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61/14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66/9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/75</td></tr></table>

b) Spike Recovery

The spike recovery study was performed using 20 replicates. Samples were prepared by spiking Nortriptyline in both drug-free serum and drug-free urine at $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , 300 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The study demonstrated the accuracy of spike recovery at low control $( 2 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ and high control $( 3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ in both qualitative and semiquantitative mode. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The results of the study are presented in the table below.

Table 5: Spike Recovery in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Replicates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control: 225 ng/mL(-25% of cutoff) (n=20)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control: 375 ng/mL(+25% of cutoff)(n=20)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Overlap</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative to C/O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 20 below C/O</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>All 20 above C/O</td></tr></table>

Table 6: Recovery in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Urine   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control: 225 ng/mL-25% of cutoff (n=20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control: 375 ng/mL+25% of cutoff (n=20)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overlap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative to C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 below C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 above C/O</td></tr></table>

c) Dilution Linearity The Dilution Linearity study is performed using the CLSI guideline CLSI EP06-A.

To demonstrate the dilution linearity for purposes of sample dilution and quality control of the entire assay range, drug-free serum or drug-free urine were spiked using Nortriptyline and diluted with drug-free serum or drug-free urine, respectively to generate 9 levels between 0 and $1 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Each sample was run in replicates of 5 in semi-quantitative mode and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The study results are presented in the table below.

Table 7: Dilution linearity data – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level#</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Expected NortriptylineValues (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Values (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>479</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>839</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>913</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr></table>

Table 8: Dilution linearity data – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Level#</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Expected NortriptylineValues (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Values (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>271</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>470</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>741</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>838</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr></table>

# d) Method Comparison and Accuracy

The method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI guideline CLSI EP09c-A3.

One (1) replicate of each of the 61 negative patient samples for serum and 50 negative samples for urine and 56 positive patient samples for serum and 50 positive samples for urine were analyzed in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The results were compared to LC-MS/MS lab testing.

Serum and urine samples were run separately. The results of the study are presented in the tables below.

Table 9: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in qualitative mode with LC-MS/MS – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITCA STAssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(150-299 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98% or (60/61)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100% or (56/56)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>99% or (116/117)</td></tr></table>

1 Refer to Table 11 for discordant samples of serum.

Table 10: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in semi-quantitative mode with LC MS/MS –   
Serum   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRITCA STAssayResults</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(150-299ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">97% or (59/61)</td></tr><tr><td>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td>100% or (56/56)</td></tr><tr><td>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td>98% or (115/117)</td></tr></table>

1 Refer to Table 11 for discordant samples of serum.

1 Table 11: Discordant Samples – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative(mA/min)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeObserved concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Final LC-MS/MSValue(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP9489-22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP9474-23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr></table>

2 Sample APP9489-2 contains Amitriptyline at $8 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , Imipramine at $1 8 . 3 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Desipramine at $4 6 . 3 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and Nortriptyline at $1 7 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ , $1 5 8 \%$ , $120 \%$ , and $100 \%$ by immunoassay, respectively.

3 Sample APP9474-2 contains Amitriptyline at $9 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Imipramine at $1 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Desipramine at $4 9 . 8 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and Nortriptyline at $1 9 . 6 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ , $1 5 8 \%$ , $120 \%$ , and $100 \%$ by immunoassay, respectively.

Note: In addition, both samples APP9489-2 and APP9474-2 were confirmed by LC-MS/MS to contain Carbamazepine and Carbamazepine Epoxide with concentrations $\mathrm { \Delta 4 2 7 5 \ n g / m L }$ & 5285 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) and $( 5 9 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ & $9 5 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ), respectively.

Table 12: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in qualitative mode with LC-MS/MS – LI   
  

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Olc</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITCA STAssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(150-299 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96% or (48/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98% or (49/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97% or (97/100)</td></tr></table>

4 Refer to Table 14 for discordant samples of urine.

Table 13: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in semi-quantitative mode with LC-MS/MS – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITCA STAssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS) (150-299 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration asdetermined byLC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96% or (48/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98% or (49/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>97% or (97/100)</td></tr></table>

4 Refer to Table 14 for discordant samples of urine.

4 Table 14: Discordant Samples – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative (mA/min)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeObserved concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS Value(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP6058-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>285</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP6060-26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>230</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP6056-27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>267 (Negative)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>372</td></tr></table>

5 Sample APP6058-2 contains Amitriptyline at $1 4 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and Nortriptyline at $1 3 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ by immunoassay, respectively.

6 Sample APP6060-2 contains Amitriptyline at $1 1 4 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , Nordoxepin at $3 . 0 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and Nortriptyline at $1 1 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ , $1 7 . 1 \%$ and $100 \%$ by immunoassay, respectively.

7 Sample APP6056-2 contains Amitriptyline at $1 8 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and Nortriptyline at $1 8 6 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ and $100 \%$ by immunoassay, respectively.

Matrix equivalency Matrix Equivalency is performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline CLSI-EP35.

Two (2) replicates of 50 patient samples of K2 EDTA Plasma, K3 EDTA plasma, Lithium Heparin Plasma, Sodium Citrate Plasma, Potassium Oxalate Plasma and 45 patient samples of Sodium Heparin Plasma were run in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes to demonstrate Nortriptyline concentrations obtained in different test plasma matrices with different anticoagulants are equivalent to those measured in the primary or control matrix, serum. The results of the matrix equivalency study are presented in the table below.

Table 15: Matrix Equivalency results in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Serum Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K2 EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K3 EDTA plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium Citrate Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium Oxalate Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr></table>

f) Specificity

Cross-Reactivity to structurally related compounds:

The cross-reactivity of Tricyclic compounds and other structurally related compounds were evaluated by adding known amount of each compound into drug-free serum and drug-free urine at concentrations indicated. Serum and urine samples were run separately.

Table 16: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Serum (TCA drugs and Metabolites)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Structurally Related Compounds(TCA drugs and Metabolites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Hydroxy Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Hydroxy Quetiapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Hydroxy Amoxapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-Hydroxy Amoxapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-Hydroxyamitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>120</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dosulepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>475</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lofepramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>430</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69.8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norclomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordoxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opipramol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quetiapine Fumarate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.9</td></tr></table>

Table 17: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Urine (TCA drugs and Metabolites)   
Page 15 of 24   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Structurally Related Compounds(TCA drugs and Metabolites)</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive/Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-Hydroxy Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Hydroxy Quetiapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Hydroxy Amoxapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-Hydroxy Amoxapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10-Hydroxyamitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dosulepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">550</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">136.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lofepramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">460</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">325</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norclomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordoxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1750</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Opipramol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">350</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Protriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine Fumarate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td></tr></table>

Table 18: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Serum (Other compounds)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Other Structurally RelatedCompounds</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive/Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alimemazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blonanserin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">525</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desloratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loxapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mianserin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mirtazapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethylclozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nefazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethylmirtazapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normaprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paroxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">450</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenoxybenzamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiothixene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tianeptine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ziprasidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr></table>

Table 19: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Urine (Other compounds)   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Other Structurally RelatedCompounds</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive/Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-Reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alimemazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Blonanserin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">600</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desloratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Haloperidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loxapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mianserin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mirtazapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethylclozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nefazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Desmethylmirtazapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normaprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paroxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">650</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">46.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenoxybenzamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">410</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiothixene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tianeptine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ziprasidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.3</td></tr></table>

# Cross-reactivity to structurally unrelated compounds:

Structurally unrelated compounds and/or concurrently used drugs were spiked at the concentration listed below into low and high controls (225 and $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) in serum and urine. Low control as negative and high control as positive indicate that all the compounds evaluated exhibited minimal cross-reactivity at the concentration tested. Serum and urine samples were run separately. The study results are presented in the table below:

Table 20: Cross Reactivity to structurally unrelated compounds in Serum   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Structurally Unrelated Compounds</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Serum</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amisulpride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benztropine Methane Sulfonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine Epoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diacetylmorphine (Heroin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP Perchlorate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP-HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol-D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methsuximide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norhydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 21: Cross Reactivity to structurally unrelated compounds in Urine   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Structurally Unrelated Compounds</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentrations(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amisulpride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benztropine Methane Sulfonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine Epoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diacetylmorphine (Heroin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP Perchlorate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP-HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol-D3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methsuximide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norhydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# g) Interference

The interference study is performed per the CLSI EP07. $3 ^ { r d }$ edition. The potential interference of endogenous, exogenous, physiological substances, and $\mathsf { p H }$ on the recovery of nortriptyline using DRI Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay was assessed. Potentially interfering substances were spiked into the low control, $2 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ( $- 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) and high controls, $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ $( + 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ). Serum and urine samples were run separately.

As shown in the tables below, the controls were detected accurately. In the presence of the compounds listed below, the controls were detected accurately, indicating that these compounds did not show interference in the assay.

Table 22: Results of Interfering Substances Testing – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentrations(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>γ-globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rh Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300 IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

Table 23: Results of Interfering Substances Testing – Urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentrations(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin(HSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium Chloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# pH interference for urine only:

The intermediate drug stock at $1 0 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ was used to spike the $\mathsf { p H }$ adjusted drug free urine samples to make low control, $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and high control, $3 7 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ with $\mathsf { p H }$ range from 3 to 11. The results are presented in the table below:

Table 24: pH interference study results for urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>pH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

There is no need to test $\mathsf { p H }$ as interfering factor for serum because blood $\mathsf { p H }$ range is very narrow. Any continuous $\mathrm { p H } < 7 . 3$ and $> 7 . 8$ are lethal. Varied urine $\mathsf { p H }$ is to support in case of sample adulteration.

# Specific gravity for urine only:

The specific gravity of multiple negative urine samples from different donors were tested on available clinical chemistry analyzer to select ten (10) negative urine samples with specific gravity range from 1.004 to 1.030.

The selected negative urine samples with a specific gravity range from 1.004 to 1.030 were spiked at control levels of $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ and $3 7 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ using intermediate drug stock at $1 0 { , } 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

Table 25: Specific gravity study results for urine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specific Gravity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control-25% of cutoff(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control+25% of cutoff(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.004</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.011</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.022</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between DRI™ Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay (K213875) and the predicate device Tricyclic Serum Tox EIA Assay (K983268).