December 13, 2022

Shenzhen Superbio Technology Co., Ltd. $\%$ Joe Shia, Director   
LSI   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite I   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: K220046 Trade/Device Name: Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit, Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG, KHO Dated: August 29, 2022 Received: August 29, 2022

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Paula Digitally signed by Paula Caposino -S   
Caposino S Date: 2022.12.13 17:19:25 -05'00'   
Paula V. Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k220046

Device Name Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11

Indications for Use (Describe) The Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit is a fluorescence immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use with Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11 is a portable fluorescence instrument for in vitro diagnostic use only. The analyzer is designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens. This analyzer can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY K220046

1. Date:

December 2, 2022

2. Submitter:

Shenzhen Superbio Technology Co., Ltd. Building B, Xinzheng, 71 Area, Xinan Sub-District, Baoan Shenzhen, China 518101

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504E Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Names:

Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11

Classification: Class 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KHO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.2560Fluorometer for clinical use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

The ARK™ Fentanyl Assay K180427; TRIAGE STATMETER K973547

# 6. Indications for Use

The Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit is a fluorescence immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use with Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11. This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11 is a portable fluorescence instrument for in vitro diagnostic use only. The analyzer is designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on clinical specimens. This analyzer can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

# 7. Device Description

This test uses a lateral flow design with location-dependent lines and zones. The Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11 scans the test strip and displays results. The sample is added to the sample well of the test card, and the sample is drawn by capillary action into and through the fluorescent labeled pad, through the nitrocellulose strip and into the adsorption pad.

Within the fluorescent labeled pad, the specimen comes into contact with antibodies conjugated with fluorescent microspheres. During this interaction, if the amount of fentanyl antigen in the sample is greater than or equal to the detection limit, the antigen in the sample and the fluorescencelabeled antibody bind to the FTY antigen-antibody complex when the sample passes through a pad of fluorescence-microbead-labeled antibody conjugate. As the sample flows and reaches the FTY antigen coated by the T-line of nitrocellulose membrane, the FTY antigen coated by the T-line and the antigen in the sample competitively bind the FTY antibody labeled with fluorescence, then the T-line captures no fluorescence signal. When the samples do not contain fentanyl antigen or levels below the detection limit, as the sample flow, fluorescent microsphere labeled antibody to nitrocellulose membrane T line captures fluorescent signal. Whether or not FTY antigen was present in the sample, the rabbit IgG fluorescent microsphere conjugate not bound to the test line continued to flow with the rest of the sample and soon encountered a control line composed of sheep antirabbit $\mathrm { I g G }$ . The position of C-line will accumulate fluorescence signal. The C-line control area was scanned to confirm that adequate sample flow had occurred. High resolution, narrow band SMD LED was used as light source in the Immunofluorescence Analyzer. The central wavelength of the excitation spectrum is $3 6 5 \mathrm { n m }$ . The central response wavelength is $6 1 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit and the predicate devices is provided in following table.

Table 1: Features Comparison of Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K180427</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination offentanyl in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)1 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Homogenous enzymeimmunoassay(EIA)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dip Card and Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cup</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Immunofluorescence Analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Instrument Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Predicate  K973547</td><td>Subject Device</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/Indication for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence analyzerdesigned to perform in vitrodiagnostic tests on clinical specimensincluding drug urine test.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles of AssayOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sandwich immunofluorescenceimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Check</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Run two levels or POS and NEG externalliquid control samples as appropriate witheach new lot of reagents and once every30 days with continued use of the samereagent lot number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Quality control card is suppliedwith Easy-11 and used for checkEasy-11 optics and calculation.systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Development Modes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">one test modeRun Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two basic assay developmentmodes:Standard test: In standard test, theuser immediately inserts TestCassette into Easy-11 and click"start test". Easy-11 automaticallycounts the time.Quick test: Manually timing, theninsert the test card into Easy-11, andclick "Start Test". The instrumentwill read the results.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4 inch LCD Screen display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 inch Color LCD touchscreendisplay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode scanner(sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">External Barcode Scanner (optional)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay/instrumentinterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Laser Diode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED Light</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6v DC at 1 amp — supplied via 4 AAbatteries or AC/DC Converter</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AC100-240V</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.5 cm x 19 cm x 7 cm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24.5 cm x 27 cm x 16 cm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~1.5 lbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~4.5 lbs</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit is a competitive and fluorescence immunochromatography assay, and uses fluorescence microspheres-labeled monoclonal antibody as the indicator marker to qualitatively detect fentanyl in human urine.

The test card contains fentanyl test strip. The nitrocellulose membrane test area (T) of the test strip is correspondingly coated with fentanyl-bovine serum albumin conjugate, and the quality control area (C) is coated with goat anti-rabbit IgG polyclonal antibody. Both Fentanyl monoclonal antibody and rabbit IgG polyclonal antibody labeled with fluorescent microspheres were embedded on the conjugate pad. When the concentration of fentanyl in the sample is higher than or equal to the cut-off of the product, it will compete with the corresponding conjugate coated on the test area (T) to bind to the fluorescently-labeled monoclonal antibody, the fluorescence rendering of the test line is inhibited and the result is positive; while when the sample does not contain fentanyl or its concentration is lower than the cut-off of the product, the corresponding conjugate on the test line reacts with sufficient fluorescently-labeled monoclonal antibodies, the test line will have fluorescence and the result is negative. No matter whether the sample contains the corresponding analyte or not, the quality control area (C) will develop fluorescence, which is the criteria for judging whether the chromatography process is normal or not. The test card is tested by the Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11 and the results are interpreted by the analyzer.

# 10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking fentanyl in negative samples. Each fentanyl concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed six runs per day for 10 days per device lot in a randomized order. Each device was read on one Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/33+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32-/28+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56-/4+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27-/33+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

# c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 12 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ . The real time stability study is ongoing.

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drug fentanyl urine with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ or specified concentrations are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline (25ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone (1000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid (100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline (35ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose (10mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma Globulin (500mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose (3000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene (50ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine (30ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric Acid (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin (7.5mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methapyrilene (10ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole (300ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine(10ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NaCl (4000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine (50ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea (2000mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic acid (250ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine (10ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below.

<table><tr><td>Fentanyl (Cutoff=1ng/mL)</td><td>Minimum concentration required to obtain a positive result (ng/mL)</td><td>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td>Norfentanyl</td><td>10000</td><td>0.01</td></tr><tr><td>Acetyl fentanyl</td><td>1.20</td><td>83.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ocfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furanyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valeryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluorobutyrylfentanyl (p-FBF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-3-cis-methylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr></table>

The following opioids compounds were tested at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ (despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP) was tested at $5 0 ~ \mathrm { u g / m L }$ , norcarfentanil was tested at $5 ~ \mathrm { u g / m L }$ and remifentanil was tested at $1 0 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ ). Negative results were obtained for all these compounds. There is no cross-reactivity for these compounds using the Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norketamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine (Talwin)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipamperone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tilidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-O- Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-N- Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)(50 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil (5 ug/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil (10 ug/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target fentanyl at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots

of device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit were performed at three different testing sites. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>e by</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SUPERBIOResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.866</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM058</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.05</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM015</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.984</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM026</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.866</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.09</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM074</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.953</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.815</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.07</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>FM091</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, and method comparison studies of the devices, it’s concluded a substantial equivalence decision.