December 23, 2022

Roche Diagnostics   
Khoa Tran   
Regulatory Affairs Program Manager   
9115 Hague Road   
Indianapolis, IN 46250

Re: K221765 Trade/Device Name: ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3170 Regulation Name: Benzodiazepine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: JXM Dated: June 15, 2022 Received: June 17, 2022

Dear Khoa Tran:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Digitally signed by   
Paula Paula Caposino -S   
Caposino -S Date: 2022.12.23   
Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K221765

Device Name ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II

Indications for Use (Describe)

Benzodiazepines II (BNZ2) is an in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative and semiquantitative detection of benzodiazepines in human urine on cobas c systems at cutoff concentrations of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . Semiquantitative test results may be obtained that permit laboratories to assess assay performance as part of a quality control program.

Semiquantitative assays are intended to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC-MS), or Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).

Benzodiazepines II provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC‑MS) or Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC‑MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II K221765 - 510(k) Summary

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of 21 CFR 807.92.

In accordance with 21 CFR 807.87, Roche Diagnostics hereby submits official notification as required by Section 510(k) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetics Act of our intention to market the device described in this Premarket Notification 510(k).

The purpose of this Traditional 510(k) Premarket Notification is to obtain FDA review and clearance for the ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II

<table><tr><td>Submitter Name</td><td>Roche Diagnostics</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Address</td><td>9115 Hague Road</td></tr><tr><td>P.O. Box 50416 Indianapolis, IN 46250-0457</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5">Contact</td><td>Khoa Tran</td></tr><tr><td>Phone: (317) 946-7843</td></tr><tr><td>Email: khoa.tran@roche.com</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>Secondary Contact Name: Leslie Patterson Phone: (317) 225-8563</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared</td><td>Email: leslie.patterson@roche.com June 6, 2022</td></tr><tr><td>Proprietary Name</td><td>ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II</td></tr><tr><td>Common Name</td><td>Benzodiazepines Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td>Classification Name and Panel</td><td>Benzodiazepine Test System, 91  Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td>Product Codes,</td><td>JXM, Class II, 21 CFR 862. 3170</td></tr><tr><td>Regulation Numbers Predicate Devices</td><td>ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines Plus</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Roche Diagnostics GmbH Mannheim, Germany: 9610126</td></tr><tr><td>Establishment Registration</td><td>Roche Diagnostics GmBH Penzberg, Germany: 9610529 Roche Diagnostics Indianapolis, IN United States: 1823260.</td></tr></table>

# 1. DEVICE DESCRIPTION

The Benzodiazepines II assay is an in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative and semi-quantitative detection of benzodiazepines in human urine on automated clinical chemistry analyzers at cutoff concentrations of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The semi quantitative test results may be obtained that permit laboratories to assess assay performance as part of a quality control program.

# 1.1. ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II

The device consists of two wet reagents which contain the key components of the immunoassay;   
monoclonal/ polyclonal antibody against the drug, substrate, and enzyme-labeled drug (conjugate).

# 2. INDICATIONS FOR USE

Benzodiazepines II (BNZ2) is an in vitro diagnostic test for the qualitative and semiquantitative detection of benzodiazepines in human urine on cobas c systems at cutoff concentrations of 100 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

Semiquantitative test results may be obtained that permit laboratories to assess assay performance as part of a quality control program. Semiquantitative assays are intended to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC-MS), or Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS).

Benzodiazepines II provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC‑MS) or Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC‑MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# 3. TECHNOLOGICAL CHARACTERISTICS

The assay is based on the kinetic interaction of microparticles in a solution (KIMS) as measured by changes in light transmission. In the absence of sample drug, free antibody binds to drugmicroparticle conjugates causing the formation of particle aggregates that are photometrically detected by turbidity measurements. As the aggregation reaction proceeds in the absence of sample drug, the absorbance increases.

When a urine sample contains the drug in question, this drug competes with the particle‑bound drug derivative for free antibody. Antibody bound to sample drug is no longer available to promote particle aggregation, and subsequent particle lattice formation is inhibited. The presence of sample drug diminishes the increasing absorbance in proportion to the concentration of drug in the sample. Sample drug content is determined relative to the value obtained for a known cutoff concentration of drug.

The presence of $\beta$ ‑glucuronidase enzyme enhances the Benzodiazepines II assay cross‑reactivity to some of the glucuronidated metabolites. Enzymatic cleavage makes the benzodiazepine part of the glucuronides more accessible for the antibody.

The assay consists of two liquid reagents. Benzodiazepines antibody buffer and conjugated benzodiazepine derivative microparticles.

The following table compare the ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II with its predicate device, ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines Plus (k043327).

Table 1: Technical Characteristics Comparison Table between ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II and ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines Plus   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Feature</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceONLINE DAT BenzodiazepinesII</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceONLINE DAT BenzodiazepinesPlus (k043327)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepines II (BNZ2) is anin vitro diagnostic test for thequalitative and semiquantitativedetection of benzodiazepines inhuman urine on Roche/Hitachicobas c systems at cutoffconcentrations of 100 ng/mL, 200ng/mL, and 300 ng/mL.Semiquantitative test results maybe obtained that permitlaboratories to assess assayperformance as part of a qualitycontrol program.Benzodiazepines II provides only apreliminary analytical test result. Amore specific alternate chemicalmethod must be used in order toobtain a confirmed analyticalresult. Gas chromatography/massspectrometry (GC-MS) or LiquidChromatography coupled withTandem Mass Spectrometry(LC-MS/MS) is the preferredconfirmatory method. Clinicalconsideration and professionaljudgment should be applied to anydrug of abuse test result,particularly when preliminarypositive results are used.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>The ONLINE DAT BenzodiazepinesPlus is an in vitro diagnostic test forthe qualitative and semi-quantitativedetection of benzodiazepines inhuman urine on automated clinicalchemistry analyzers at cutoffconcentrations of 100 ng/mL, 200ng/mL, and 300 ng/mL. Semi-quantitative test results may beobtained that permit laboratories toassess assay performance as part of aquality control program.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection Method</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>KIMS, Kinetic interaction ofmicroparticles in a solution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Instrument Platform</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cobas c 501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mod P</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine and itsmetabolites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL, 200 ng/mL and 300ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Stability</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8 °C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

# 4. NON-CLINICAL PERFORMANCE EVALUATION

The following performance data are provided in support of the substantial equivalence determination:

Precision according to CLSI EP5-A3   
Linearity according to CLSI EP6-A   
Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity   
Endogenous Interferences   
Interference - Drugs   
Interference Testing of Specific Gravity and pH   
Method Comparison to Predicate   
Stability

All performance specifications were met.

# 4.1. Precision

# 4.1.1. Repeatability and Intermediate Precision

The precision study was performed using CLSI Guideline EP05-A3 as a guideline. Precision experiments were conducted using one reagent lot on one cobas c 501 instrument. Testing was carried out for 21 days with two runs per day, and two replicates per run in both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes, giving a total of 84 determinants $( \mathtt { n } = 8 4$ ). Drug-free negative urine was spiked with Oxazepam to final concentrations of $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ , below cutoff and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ above cutoff.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mL SQRepeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.56</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.44</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2N(control 75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.38</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.43</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2P(control 125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntermediatePrecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">45.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.65</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2N(control 75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.79</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.92</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2P(control 125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">127</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.94</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100 ng/mLQualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative/Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Confidence Level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2N(control 75 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73/11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT2P(control 125 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Repeatability200 ng/mL SQ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT3N(control 150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.91</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.48</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">242</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT3P(control 250 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.34</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntermediatePreciion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.09</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT3N(control 150 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">199</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">242</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT3P(control 250 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">248</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.68</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200 ng/mLQualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative/Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Confidence Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine -50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine -25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT3N(control 150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60/24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine +25%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT3P(control 250 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine +50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL SQRepeatability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.9</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1N(control 225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">354</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1P(control 375 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">432</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">IntermediatePrecision</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mean (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.31</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">211</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.6</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1N(control 225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">223</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.23</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">276</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.07</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">354</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.7</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1P(control 375 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.35</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">432</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mLQualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Number Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative/Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Confidence Level</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -50%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine -25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1N(control 225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84/0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % negative reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83/1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N/A</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urine +25%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DAT1P(control 375 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0/84</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr><tr><td>Urine +50%</td><td>84</td><td>0/84</td><td>&gt; 95 % positive reading</td></tr></table>

# 4.2. Analytical Recovery and Linearity

The recovery study was evaluated on a single cobas c 501 in according to CLSI guideline EP06-

A. The study protocol consisted of three reagent lots, the total number of samples was 17 levels per cutoff and ran in triplicate. The recovery study experiment was conducted using three reagent lots on one cobas c 501 instrument. Two series of samples were prepared for each cutoff to support that the recovery performance of the device is acceptable over the whole range between the lowest and the highest calibrator.

For each sample, the percentage recovery was calculated as the percent of the mean of the three results with regard to the target value. The average percent recovery is summarized in the table below.

Results for $0 . 2 0 0 \%$ of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>122</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>145</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>175</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>168</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>188</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

Results for $0 { - } 1 0 0 0 \%$ of $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>100 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>291</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>524</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>522</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>644</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>638</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>753</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>763</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>752</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>842</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>856</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>928</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>921</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>988</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

Results for $0 . 2 0 0 \%$ of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>200 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>243</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>238</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>242</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

Results for $0 { - } 1 0 0 0 \%$ of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>347</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>408</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>403</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>406</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr></table>

Results for $0 . 2 0 0 \%$ of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>200 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>l</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>191</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>193</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>293</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>289</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>404</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>399</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>526</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>518</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>646</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>108</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>643</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>634</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>760</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>761</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>751</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>857</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>852</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>850</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>927</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>982</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>986</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>300 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>155</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td></tr></table>

Results for $0 { - } 1 0 0 0 \%$ of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>224</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>283</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>349</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>351</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>416</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>418</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>432</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>482</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>491</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>550</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>556</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>300 CutoffTarget(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>281</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>288</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>554</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>557</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>900</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>888</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>869</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1253</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1228</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>102</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1687</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1756</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>117</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1639</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>116</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2143</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2422</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>119</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2424</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2679</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2711</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>111</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2837</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2833</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2831</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2903</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2862</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2907</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td></tr></table>

# 4.3. Analytical Specificity/Cross-Reactivity

The determination of cross reactivity by common benzodiazepines was conducted on one cobas c 501, using one reagent lot. Concentration series were prepared for each cross reactant by spiking drug free urine. The percent cross-reactivity was calculated from the ratio of the cutoff concentration and the calculated equivalent concentration of the cross reactant. The study was conducted for the semi-quantitative application. Results are summarized below:

Cross Reactivity of Benzodiazepines and Metabolites for $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Cutoff   

<table><tr><td>Benzodiazepine and metabolites</td><td>Concentration Tested</td><td>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td>Nordiazepam</td><td>101</td><td>99%</td></tr><tr><td>Alprazolam</td><td>92</td><td>109%</td></tr><tr><td>Diazepam</td><td>90</td><td>111%</td></tr><tr><td>Lorazepam</td><td>105</td><td>95%</td></tr><tr><td>Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td>178</td><td>56%</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam</td><td>89</td><td>113%</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td>135</td><td>74%</td></tr><tr><td>Temazepam</td><td>94</td><td>106%</td></tr><tr><td>Temazepam glucuronide</td><td>160</td><td>63%</td></tr><tr><td>3-Hydroxybromazepam</td><td>153</td><td>66%</td></tr><tr><td>3-Hydroxyflubromazepam</td><td>130</td><td>77%</td></tr><tr><td>3-Hydroxyflunitrazepam</td><td>118</td><td>85%</td></tr><tr><td>4-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td>63</td><td>160%</td></tr><tr><td>4-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td>98</td><td>102%</td></tr><tr><td>7-Acetamidonitrazepam</td><td>21421</td><td>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine and                  Concentration Testedmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">137%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bentazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">128</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brotiazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">189</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deschloretizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylmedazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Didesethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">114%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Etizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">88%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">161</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">107</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">82%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">138</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifoxipam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pinazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyrazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">116</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">118%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">190</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">179</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">105%</td></tr></table>

Cross Reactivity of Benzodiazepines and Benzodiazepines Metabolites for $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">174</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">175</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">115%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">56%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">193</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">318</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">63%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxybromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">371</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andConcentration Testedmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxyflubromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxyflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">259</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">169%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Acetamidonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">42005</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">177</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">113%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bentazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">288</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">154</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">130%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brotiazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">265</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">282</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">71%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">185</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">208</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">226</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">396</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">217</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">182</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">194</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">103%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine and                  Concentration Testedmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deschloretizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">159</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">304</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">196</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylmedazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">202</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Didesethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">231</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Etizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">212</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">269</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">206</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">214</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">65%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">279</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">72%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">206</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifoxipam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">310</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">64%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">201</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">188</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">252</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">79%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pinazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">213</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">240</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyrazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">203</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">233</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">86%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">207</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">168</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">119%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">201</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">372</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">54%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">198</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101%</td></tr></table>

Cross Reactivity of Benzodiazepines and Benzodiazepines Metabolites for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ Cutoffs   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">305</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">273</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">323</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">519</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine and                  Concentration Tested           Cross-reactivity (%)metabolites</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">68%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">272</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">496</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">61%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxybromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">504</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxyflubromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">401</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxyflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">399</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">192</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">156%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">94%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Acetamidonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">93148</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">390</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">343</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">87%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">283</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bentazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">393</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">229</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">131%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brotiazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">407</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">374</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">277</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">108%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">317</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepine andmetabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration Tested</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">338</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">89%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">601</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">334</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">256</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">307</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deschloretizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">257</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">117%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">370</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">81%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylflunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desmethylmedazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">549</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">317</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Didesethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">352</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">85%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">270</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">111%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Etizolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">362</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">435</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">69%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flubromazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">327</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">329</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">91%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">487</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Halazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">406</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyethylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">324</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">328</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meclonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">409</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Medazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">394</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">332</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifoxipam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">412</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">73%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nimetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">294</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">102%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">382</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">78%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pinazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">327</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyrazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">311</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">360</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">315</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">275</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">109%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxyalprazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">567</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">326</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">92%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxymidazolamglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">569</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">53%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">α-Hydroxytriazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">312</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96%</td></tr></table>

# 4.4. Endogenous Interference Testing of Structurally Unrelated Compounds

Interference from structurally unrelated compounds was evaluated with two sets of samples were prepared and measured for the analysis of each individual interferent. One set of the samples contained the interferent in the presence of a benzodiazepine at both target concentrations ( $7 5 \%$ and $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff of the assay), and one set of the samples contained the interferent in the presence of a glucuronidated benzodiazepine (oxazepam-glucuronide) at both target concentrations ( $7 5 \%$ or $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff of the assay). Testing was performed in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes. The compounds listed in the table below did not cause any positive or negative interference at the concentrations shown:

<table><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Concentration inCompound Namepresence ofbenzodiazepine(mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium(as CaCl2)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citrate(K3-Citrate x HO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">357</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Albumin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human IgG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">110</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium(MgC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">238</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalate(Na2-Oxalate)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phosphate(NaHPO4 x HO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2028</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium chloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5844</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18000</td></tr><tr><td>Compound Name</td><td>Concentration in presence of benzodiazepine (mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td>Uric Acid</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Urobilinogen</td><td>15</td></tr></table>

# 4.5. Interference Testing of Specific Gravity and pH

Urine samples within a $\mathsf { p H }$ range from 4.0 to 9.0 and samples with specific gravities ranging from 1.001 to 1.034 containing benzodiazepine at the level of the negative control ( $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , 150 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) and at the level of the positive control ( $1 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $2 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or 375 $\mathrm { n g / m L ) }$ corresponding respectively to the given cutoff $\mathrm { 1 0 0 ~ n g / m L }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ) recovered properly in both semi-quantitative and qualitative modes.

# 4.6. Drug Interferences

The drug interference study was conducted using one reagent lot on the cobas c 501. Samples spiked with benzodiazepine were measured in the presence of potentially interfering drugs. The target concentration for the benzodiazepine was $7 5 \%$ or $12 5 \%$ of the cutoff of the assay. For all samples three replicates were recorded with the semi-quantitative applications and the qualitative applications. The test results were checked for exceeding the cutoff value. The maximum drug concentration which doesn’t interfere is reported and established as interferent claim. For the tested drugs and drug concentrations compare table below.

For Oxaprozin, the interference was additionally evaluated following an alternative protocol. In a drug-free matrix, the approximate quantity of Oxaprozin that is equivalent in assay reactivity to the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff was determined to be $7 9 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $3 0 9 1 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $3 0 4 9 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ respectively. This equals to a cross reactivity of $1 3 \%$ (at cutoff $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ), $6 \%$ (at cutoff $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ), and $10 \%$ (at cutoff $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ).

When oxaprozin was added pooled human urine containing benzodiazepine at the level of the negative control $7 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $1 5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ or $2 2 5 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , positive results were observed at ${ \tt > } 1 0 0$ $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ , ${ \scriptstyle > 2 0 0 \ n g / \mathrm { m L } }$ , and ${ > } 3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ for the $1 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff, $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff, and $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff, respectively. Patient samples containing benzodiazepines in the presence of oxaprozin may yield falsely elevated results. Results should always be assessed in conjunction with the patient’s medical history, clinical examinations, and other clinicopathological findings.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Compounds</td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">Concentration (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff 100ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff 200ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff 300ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitryptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buspirone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ca-dobesilate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calcium hypochlorite</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefoxitin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextropropoxyphene (d-Propoxyphene)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP (2-Ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP (2-Ethyl-5-methyl-3,3-diphenylpyrroline)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Enalapril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estriol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flumazenil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentamicine sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Guaiacol glycerol ether</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyindole acetic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyindole carboxylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levodopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Melanin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine (Pethidin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methyldopa</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-acetyl cysteine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Norpseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ofloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">900000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenazopyridine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenothiazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylbutazone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicyluric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9 THC-9-carboxylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tolmetin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapmil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zaleplone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zopiclone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td></tr></table>

# 4.7. Method Comparison to Predicate

The method comparison study was performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP09-A3. A collection of 137 native human unaltered samples were purchased from clinical laboratories where they screened negative and preliminary positive flanking the cutoffs $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The total of 117 of the 137 samples were measured with the assays with the cutoff 100 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ , 134 samples were measured with the assays with cutoff $2 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and 114 samples were measured with the assays with cutoff $3 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The results were compared to LC-MS/MS where samples were also treated with $\beta$ -glucuronidase.

A total of 48 urine samples, obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened negative in a drug test panel, were evaluated with Benzodiazepines II. $100 \%$ of these normal urines were negative relative to the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff.

A total of 54 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened preliminary positive with a commercially available immunoassay and were subsequently confirmed by Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC‑MS/MS), were evaluated with the Benzodiazepines II assay. $100 \%$ of these samples were positive relative to the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff. In addition, 8 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $50 \mathrm { - } 1 0 0 ~ \%$ of the cutoff concentration and 7 samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $100 \small { - } 1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. The following results were obtained with the Benzodiazepines II assay on the cobas c 501 analyzer relative to the LC‑MS/MS values. The results are summarized in the table below. Values in brackets represent the results for the two qualitative applications (Qualitative/Qualitative Clinical).

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Benzodiazepines II Clinical Correlation (Cutoff = 100 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NegativeSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LC-MS/MS values (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>152-1558</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104-147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas c 501analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (1/1)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6 (7/7)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The correlation between the semi-quantitative and the qualitative applications is summarized in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Correlation (100 ng/mL Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Correlation (100 ng/mL Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>QualitativeClinical</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

The samples found to be discrepant at the $1 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff with one of the predicate device applications are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>Sample   Semi-Quantitative   Qualitative  Qualitative          LC-MSClinical        Confirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comment</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_065</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nearcutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_131</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>nearcutoff</td></tr></table>

A total of 56 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened negative in a drug test panel, were evaluated with the Benzodiazepines II assay. $100 \%$ of these normal urines were negative relative to the $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff.

A total of 57 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened preliminary positive with a commercially available immunoassay and were subsequently confirmed by Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC‑MS/MS), were evaluated with the Benzodiazepines II assay. $100 \%$ of these samples were positive relative to the $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff. In addition, 12 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $50 \mathrm { - } 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration and 9 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $100 \small { - } 1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. The following results were obtained with the Benzodiazepines II assay on the cobas c 501 analyzer relative to the LC‑MS/MS values. The results are summarized in the table below. Values in brackets represent the results for the qualitative application.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Benzodiazepines II Clinical Correlation (Cutoff = 200 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NegativeSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LC-MS/MS values (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>304-2971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>137-196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>211-295</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas c 501analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2 (3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 (9)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The correlation between the semi-quantitative and the qualitative applications is summarized in table below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Correlation (200 ng/mL Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>67</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The samples found to be discrepant at the $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff with one of the predicate device applications are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi-Quantitative</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=4>Qualitative                LC-MS                 CommentPos/Neg        Values        Pos/Neg[ng/mL]    Confirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegConfirmation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_051</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>235</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>196</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>249</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr></table>

A total of 40 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened negative in a drug test panel, were evaluated with the Benzodiazepines II assay. $100 \%$ of these normal urines were negative relative to the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff.

A total of 45 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory, where they screened preliminary positive with a commercially available immunoassay and were subsequently confirmed by Liquid Chromatography coupled with Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC‑MS/MS), were evaluated with the Benzodiazepines II assay. $100 \%$ of these samples were positive relative to the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff. In addition, 17 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $50 \mathrm { - } 1 0 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration and 12 urine samples obtained from a clinical laboratory were found by LC‑MS/MS in a concentration of $100 \small { - } 1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff concentration. The following results were obtained with the Benzodiazepines II assay on the cobas c 501 analyzer relative to the LC‑MS/MS values. The results are summarized in the table below. Values in brackets represent the results for the qualitative application.

Benzodiazepines II Clinical Correlation (Cutoff $\mathbf { \mu } = 3 0 0 ~ \mathbf { n g / m L }$ )   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=2></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>NegativeSamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LC-MS/MS values (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Near Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>456-2971</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152-295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304-441</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cobas c 501analyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 (4)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16 (13)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

The samples found to be discrepant at the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff with one of the predicate device applications are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ID#</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/Neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Values[ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pos/NegConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>276</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_076</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>297</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_077</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>296</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>216</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>272</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>UR_083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>348</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>295</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>near cutoff</td></tr></table>

# 4.8. Stability

The measurements to prove the on board stability of 12 weeks were carried out using one reagent lot on the cobas c 501 instrument. The reagent transport stress was simulated using the following incubation condition: $\geq 1 2 0 \mathrm { h }$ at $3 5 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \left( \pm 2 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C } \right)$ .

Two control samples, the cutoff calibrator and two clinical samples, were tested per each cutoff. The two clinical samples were prepared by pooling urine of individual donor samples in a way to achieve concentrations around $50 \%$ and $1 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff respectively.

Overview: samples for the on board stability experiment   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>CutoffSpecimen100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff200 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>negative control(target value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT2N, DATCN(75 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT3N(150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DATIN(225 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>positive control(target value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT2P, DATCP(125 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT3P(250 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DAT1P(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>calibrator(target value)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preciset DAT Plus II /S3(100 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preciset DAT Plus II /S4(200 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preciset DAT Plus I /S3(300 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>clinical neg</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 50 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 100 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>clinical pos</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 150 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>approx. 450 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ for Semi-Quantitative

<table><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">time point                1                       2                           3                           4Reagent               start       transport stressed  transport stressed  transport stressedStatus:                                   (≥120 h 35°C)                  +                           +84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">76.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">77.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.69</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.82</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.76</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">time point               1                      2                           3                           4Reagent               start       transport stressed  transport stressed  transport stressedStatus:                                   (≥120 h 35°C)                  +                           +84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">positive control (n=21)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">(n=21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">126</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">124</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.32</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.64</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.02</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="3" rowspan="1">negative clinical sample (n=3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">positive clinical sample (n=3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">calibrator (n=3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">101</td></tr></table>

# ${ \bf 2 0 0 } \ \mathbf { n g / m L }$ for Semi-Quantitative

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>time point               1                      2                          3                           4Reagent               start      transport stressed  transport stressed  transport stressedStatus:                                   (≥120 h 35°C)                 +                           +84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean [ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD [ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.55</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.63</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>positive control (n=21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>(n21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean [ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>254</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>251</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SD [ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.82</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.91</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.46</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CV [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>positive clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>calibrator (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>mean [ng/mL]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>199</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>197</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ for Semi-Quantitative

<table><tr><td>time point</td><td>1</td><td>2</td><td>3</td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Reagent</td><td>start</td><td>transport stressed</td><td>transport stressed</td><td>transport stressed</td></tr><tr><td>Status:</td><td></td><td>(≥120 h 35°C)</td><td>+</td><td>+</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>84 days onboard</td><td>91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">226.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">231.3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">230.7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">227.4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.51</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.70</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.45</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">positive control (n=21)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">363.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">371.4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">370.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">364.0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">SD [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.85</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.42</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.61</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CV [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="4" rowspan="1">negative clinical sample (n=3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="5" rowspan="1">positive clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">agreement [%]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">calibrator (n=3)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">mean [ng/mL]</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">291</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">301</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">296</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">287</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ for Qualitative

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>time point                1                     2                           3                           4Reagent Status:      start      transport stressed   transport stressed  transport stressed(≥120 h 35°C)                 +                           +84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>positive control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>positive clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# ${ \bf 2 0 0 } \ \mathbf { n g / m L }$ for Qualitative

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>time point                1                     2                          3                           4Reagent Status:      start      transport stressed  transport stressed  transport stressed(≥120 h 35°C)                 +                           +84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>positive control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>positive clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { 3 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ for Qualitative

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>time point                1                     2                           3                           4Reagent Status:      start      transport stressed   transport stressed  transport stressed(≥120 h 35°C)                 +                           |84 days onboard    91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>positive control (n=21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>positive clinical sample (n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# $\mathbf { 1 0 0 \ n g / m L }$ for Qualitative Clinical

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>time point                 1                     2                           3                           4Reagent Status:      start      transport stressed  transport stressed  transport stressed(≥120 h 35°C)                 +                           +84 days onboard91 days onboard</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative control (n=21)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>positive control (n=21)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>negative clinical sample (n=3)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>positive clinical sample (n=3)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>agreement [%]</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

# 5. CONCLUSIONS

The information provided in this 510(k) Premarket Notification will support a determination of substantial equivalence for ONLINE DAT Benzodiazepines II. The data supports a safe and effective device, which performs as well or better than the predicate devices.