February 6, 2023

Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.   
Huang Ling   
Product Manager   
Building C5, 9th Floor, Rm 901, No. 11 Kaiyuan Avenue Huangpu District   
Guangzhou, Guangdong 510535   
China

Re: K222955 Trade/Device Name: Xenta Drug Screen Cup, Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG, DIO, LDJ, DJC Dated: September 27, 2022 Received: September 27, 2022

Dear Huang Ling:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part

801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Paula Caposino Digitally signed by Paula   
-S Date: 2023.02.06 13:24:53 -05'00'   
Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k222955

Device Name Xenta Drug Screen Cup Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard

Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays designed to qualitatively detect the presence of drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at the following cut-off concentrations:

Test Marijuana (THC) Cocaine (COC) Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) Methamphetamine (MET) Morphine 300 (MOP)

Calibrator   
Delta-9-THC-COOH   
Benzoylecgonine   
3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine   
D-Methamphetamine   
Morphine

Cut-off level   
50 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL   
500 ng/mL   
1000 ng/mL   
300 ng/mL

The tests contain two formats: 1) Test Cup and 2) Test Dipcard. The tests may be configured as single drug tests or multiple drug tests in any combination of the drug analytes listed in the table above. These tests are intended for in vitro diagnostics use. They are intended for prescription use.

The assays provide only a preliminary analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

# Section 5 - 510(k) Summary

Date of Summary Preparation: 2/2/2023   
510(k) Number: K222955

# 1. Submitter's Identifications

Submitter: Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.   
Address: Building C5, 9th Floor, Rm 901, No. 11 Kaiyuan Avenue, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, 510535, P.R. China   
Contact Person: Huang Ling   
Contact Email Address: 1433969171@qq.com   
Telephone: +86-20-31707187   
Fax: +86-20-31707187

# 2. Correspondent’s Identifications

Correspondent’s Name: Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.   
Address: Building C5, 9th Floor, Rm 901, No. 11 Kaiyuan Avenue, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, 510535, P.R. China   
Contact Person: Huang Ling   
Contact Email Address: 1433969171@qq.com   
Telephone: 86-20-31707187   
Fax: 86-20-31707187

# 3. Name of the Device

Proprietary names:

Xenta Drug Screen Cup Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard

Recommended classification regulation:

21 CFR 862.3250 Cocaine test system   
21 CFR 862.3650 Morphine test system   
21 CFR 862.3870 Cannabinoid test system   
21 CFR 862.3610 Methamphetamine test system

Device class: ClassⅡ   
Panel: Toxicology   
Product code: DIO,DJG,LDJ,DJC

# 4. The Predicate Devices

K153050 Rapid Single/Multi-drug Test Cup Rapid Single/Multi-drug Test Dipcard

# 5. Device Description

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for the qualitative detection of Cocaine, Marijuana,   
Methamphetamine, Morphine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine at or above the cut-off levels as indicated. The tests are performed without the use of an instrument.   
The test cup and test dipcard formats use identical test strips made with the same chemical formulation and manufacturing procedures.

# 6. Indications for Use

Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassays designed to qualitatively detect the presence of drugs and drug metabolites in human urine at the following cut-off concentrations:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-THC-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 300 (MOP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The tests contain two formats:1) Test Cup and 2) Test Dipcard. The tests may be configured as single drug tests or multiple drug tests in any combination of the drug analytes listed in the table above. These tests are intended for in vitro diagnostics use. They are intended for prescription use.

The assays provide only a preliminary analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are indicated.

# 7. Comparison to Predicate Devices:

A summary comparison of features of the Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard and the predicate devices is provided in the following Table：

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate K153050)</td></tr><tr><td>Indication for use</td><td>Qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse in urine Cocaine ,Morphine, Methamphetamine, Marijuana, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine)</td><td>Same (but the number of drugs detected different)</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Users</td><td>Prescription Use</td><td>Over the Counter (OTC) Use and</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prescription Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine:300 ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000 ng/mLMorphine:300 ng/mLMarijuana:50 ng/mLMethylenedioxymethamphetamine:500ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine:300 ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000 ng/mLMorphine:300 ng/mLMarijuana:50 ng/mLMethylenedioxymethamphetamine:500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Read time</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5 minutes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, Lateral flowimmunochromatographic assaybased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dipcard and Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette,Dip Card and Cup</td></tr></table>

# 8. Performance Data:

# 8.1 Cross-reactivity with structurally similar compounds

To test the cross reactivity of the test, 2 lots of test Dipcard and one lot of test Cup was used to test with drug metabolites and drug structurally similar compounds in urine. All the components were added to drug-free normal human urine. Each sample was tested in 5 replicates using 3 lots of Test Cup and Test Dipcard. If any positive result was observed, the compounds were further diluted with known drug-free urine specimen sequentially to different concentrations and tested in quintuplicate, until the highest concentration that generates a negative result was identified.

The cross reacting substances with the lowest concentration that produced a positive result was identified and is listed in the table below. If no cross reactivity was observed the highest concentration tested is shown.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-reactivity</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowestConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross-reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ 9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>208.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ 8-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-methamphetamine(MAMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.05%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)11-hydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 300(MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxumethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine(6-MAN</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 3- β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.3%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levophenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxyampheta mine(MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;75000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.4%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;90000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.4%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.9%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.6%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 8.2 Interference

Clinical urine samples may contain substances that could potentially interfere with the test. The following compounds were added to drug-free urine or drug positive urine containing THC, COC, MET, MOP, MDMA with the concentration $50 \%$ below the cutoff and the concentration $5 0 \%$ above the cutoff, respectively. All potential interfering substances were added at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (All concentrations of the drugs were confirmed with GC/MS). The urine specimens were tested with two lots of the corresponding Rapid Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and Test Dipcard. None of the compounds listed below were shown to interfere.

Acetaminophen Estrone-3-sulfate d,l-Octopamine Acetophenetidin Ethyl-p-aminobenzoate Oxalic acid Amoxicillin Erythromycin Oxolinic acid Ampicillin Fenoprofen Oxymetazoline Aspirin Flucloxacillin Oxytetracycline Atenolol Fluoxetine Papaverine Atorvastatin Furosemide Penicillin-G Azlocillin Gentisic acid Pentazocine Benzilic acid Hemoglobin Perphenazine Benzylpenicillin Hydralazine Phenelzine Benzoic acid Hydrochlorothiazide Prednisolone Bilirubin Hydrocortisone Prednisone Benzydamine o-Hydroxyhippuric acid d,l-Propanolol Caffeine p-Hydroxytyramine d-Pseudoephedrine Carbamazepine Ibuprofen Quinacrine Cephalexin Indomethacin Quinine Chloralhydrate Iproniazid Quindine Chloramphenicol d,l-Isoproterenol Ranitidine

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

Chlorothiazide Isoxsuprine Salicylic acid   
Chlorpheniramine Ketamine Serotonin   
d,l-Chlorpromazine Ketoprofen Sulfamethazine   
Cholesterol Labetalol Sulindac   
Clonidine Lisinopril Tetracycline   
Cimetidine Loperamide Tetrahydrozoline   
Citalopram Meperidine Thiamine   
Cortisone Meprobamate Thioridazine   
Creatinine Methoxyphenamine d, l-Thyroxine   
Deoxycorticosterone Methylphenidate Tolbutamine   
Dexamethasone Nadolol Tolbutamide   
Dextromethorphan Nalidixic acid Trifluoperazine   
Diclofenac Naproxen Tryptamine   
Diflunisal Niacinamide Uric acid   
Digoxin Nicotine Verapamil   
Diphenhydramine Nifedipine Zomepirac   
Ephedrine Norethindrone   
$\beta$ -Estradiol Noscapine   
Acetone Acetylsalicylic acid Albumin   
Ascorbic Acid Aspartame Ascorbic Acid   
Atropine Benzocaine Benzoylecgonine   
Chlorquine $( \pm )$ Chlolrpheniramine Creatine Dopamine,   
Dexbrompheniramine Dophenhydramine $( + / - )$ -Isoproterenol   
$1 \mathrm { R } , 2 \mathrm { S } ( + ) \mathrm { ~ }$ -Ephedrine Ethanol Glucose   
Guaiacol glyceryl ether Levorphanol Lidocaine   
Lysergic acid Methadone Methanol (1R,2S)-(-)-n-Methyl-ephe   
Methaqualone Morphine drine   
$( + )$ -Naproxen rdiazepam $( + / - )$ -Norephedrine Nortriptyline   
Pheniramine Phenothiazine L-Phenylephrine   
B-Phenylethylamin Phencyclidine Procaine   
Propoxyphene Ranitidine Riboflavin   
Salicylic acid Secobarbital Sodium Chloride   
Theophyline Tyramine Uric acid   
Vitamin(L-Ascorbic Acid) 4-Dimethylaminoantipyrine d-Amphetamine

# 8.3 Effect of urinary pH

The $\mathsf { p H }$ of an aliquot negative urine pool is adjusted to a $\mathsf { p H }$ range of 3 to 9 in $1 \ \mathrm { p H }$ unit increments and spiked with each drug at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cutoff levels (All concentrations were confirmed with GC/MS). Each sample was tested by two lots of the corresponding Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard. The results demonstrate that varying ranges of $\mathsf { p H }$ do not interfere with the performance of the test.

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

# 8.4 Effect of Urinary specific gravity

The specific gravity studies were conducted on different specific gravity including 1.002,1.010, 1.020, 1.030, 1.040 specimens with drug free urine containing THC, COC, MET, MOP, MDMA at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cutoff level (All concentrations were confirmed with GC/MS). Each sample was tested by two lots of the corresponding Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard. The results demonstrate that varying ranges of urinary specific gravity do not affect the test result.

# 8.5 Precision

Precision studies were performed using the single drug and multi-drug test formats. Drug free specimens were spiked with analytes at 0, $\pm 7 5 \%$ cutoff, $\pm 5 0 \%$ cutoff, $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff of drug. The concentrations of the target drugs were confirmed with GC/MS. In both the single drug test and multi-drug test precision studies each concentration of the urine specimen was divided into aliquots. Each aliquot was blindly labeled by a nonparticipant. Separate sets of blinded coded samples were assigned and randomized prior to testing. The study was conducted by 6 operators at 3 Point-of-Care sites. Two operators per location tested 3 aliquots at each concentration for each lot per day (3 runs/day) for 10 non-consecutive days using one device lot per location. One operator tested the test dipcard format and the second operator tested the test cup format. There were 1620 observations by 3 sites at 9 concentrations.

Single drug Test Cup:

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Drugtest</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Approximateconcentrationof sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Number ofdeterminations per lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Multi-drug Test Cup:

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Drugtest</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Approximateconcentrationof sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=2>Number ofdeterminationsper lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>s</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Single drug Test Dipcard:

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Drugtest</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Approximateconcentrationof sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Number ofdeterminationsper lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

Multi-drug Test Dipcard:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Drugtest</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Approximateconcentrationof sample</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>% of cutoff</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Number ofdeterminationsper lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lot 3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87.5ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=9 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ong/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>625ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>875ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# 8.6 Accuracy

80 clinical urine specimens for each drug were analyzed by GC/MS and by two lots of the corresponding Single/Multi-drug Test Cup and Test Dipcard. Samples were divided by concentration into five categories: drug free, less than half the cutoff, near cutoff negative, near cutoff positive, and high positive. All samples were blindly labeled by a nonparticipant. Separate sets of the blind coded were assigned. Samples were also randomized prior to testing. The study was conducted by 4 nurses at two Point-of-Care sites. The test dipcard format was performed at one site and the test cup format at the second site. Each operator only performed one test format and different nurses tested each format. Results were as follows:

Single drug Test Cup:

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

Analysis of Discordant Results with Single drug Test Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XentaResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug freebyGC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than half thecutoffconcentration byGC/MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative(Between 50% belowthe cutoff and the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Single drug Test Cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MS Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9--THC-9-COOH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td></tr></table>

Multi-drug Test Cup:

Analysis of Discordant Results with Multi-drug Test Cup   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>XentaResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug free byC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than halfthe cutoffconcentrationb b GC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffand the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td>Multi-drug Test Cup</td><td>GC/MS Analysis</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9--THC-9-COOH</td></tr></table>

Single drug Test Dipcard:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug freebyGC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than half thecutoffconcentration byGC/MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative(Between 50% belowthe cutoff and thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Analysis of Discordant Results with Single drug Test Dipcard

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Single drug Test Dipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MSAnalysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9--THC-9-COOH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td></tr></table>

Multi-drug Test Dipcard:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugTest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Co-InnovationResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug freebyGC/MSanalysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than half thecutoffconcentration byGC/MS analysis</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative(Between 50% belowthe cutoff and thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive(Between the cutoffand 50% above thecutoff concentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(greater than 50%above the cutoffconcentration)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Total</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Xenta Biomedical Science Co., Ltd.

Analysis of Discordant Results with Rapid Multi-drug Test Dipcard   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Multi-drug Test Dipcard</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>GC/MS Analysis</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DrugConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug in Urine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>867</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOP300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>275</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9--THC-9-COOH</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>715</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td></tr></table>

# 9. Conclusion:

The data collected in the performance and accuracy studies demonstrate that the Xenta Drug Screen Cup and Xenta Drug Screen Dipcard are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.

--- End of this section ---