Healgen Scientific LLC   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave. Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877

Re: K223162 Trade/Device Name: Healgen® Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test, Healgen® Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LDJ, MKU Dated: February 12, 2023 Received: February 13, 2023

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's

requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Paula Digitally signed by Paula   
Caposino -S   
Caposino -S Date: 2023.03.17 13:12:26-04'00'   
Paula Caposino, Ph.D.   
Acting Deputy Director   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration</td><td rowspan="3">Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use</td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">k223162 Device Name</td></tr></table>

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently vald OMB number."

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td rowspan="3">Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td></td></tr><tr><td>510(k) Number (if known)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">k223162 Device Name</td></tr></table>

Indications for Use (Describe)   
The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test is a competitive binding lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Marijuana (THC) and Cotinine in human oral fluid at the cutoff concentrations listed below and their metabolites.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine (COT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently vald OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY K223162

1. Date:

March 16, 2023

2. Submitter:

HEALGEN SCIENTIFIC LLC   
5213 Maple Street   
Bellaire, TX 77401

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877   
Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6213   
Email:shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Names:

# Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT

Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3870 Cannabinoids Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MKU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR, 862.3220 Cotinine Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Enzyme Immunoassay, LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Calibrators   
and LZI Oral Fluid Cannabinoids Controls, K141320   
LabOne Micro-Plate Cotinine EIA (Oral Fluid), K033601

6. Intended Use The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT is a lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay for the qualitative detection of COT in oral fluid at the cut-off concentration 30 $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

This assay provides only a preliminary result. An alternative laboratory test must be used to confirm the results provided by this drug test. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) is the preferred method confirmation test.

The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test is a competitive binding lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Marijuana (THC) and Cotinine in human oral fluid at the cutoff concentrations listed below and their metabolites.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine (COT)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry (LC/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods.

# 7. Device Description

The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT is immunochromatographic assay that uses a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of cotinine in human oral fluid. The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test immunochromatographic assay for the qualitative and simultaneous detection of Marijuana (THC) and Cotinine in human oral fluid. The tests are the first step in a two-step process. The second step is to send the sample for laboratory testing if preliminary positive results are obtained.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT and Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test and the predicate devices are provided in following tables.

Table 1: Features Comparison of Healgen $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate - K033601</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of cotinine inhuman oral fluid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative and semi-quantitative analysis ofcotinine in human oral fluid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrators</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>A solid phase competitiveenzyme-linked immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>qualitative and semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Oral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For Over-The-Counter uses</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription uses</td></tr></table>

Table 2: Features Comparison of Healgen $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate  K141320</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Preliminary Drug screening test for thequalitative detection of drug analytes inoral fluid (human saliva)For In Vitro Diagnostic Use</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding,lateral flowimmunochromatographicassays</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Oral Fluid</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

The Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ oral fluid drug test device is an immunoassay based on the principle of competitive binding. Drugs that may be present in the oral fluid specimen compete against their respective drug conjugates for binding sites on their specific antibody.

During testing, a portion of the oral fluid specimen migrates upward by capillary action. A drug, if present in the oral fluid specimen below its cut-off concentration, will not saturate the binding sites of its specific antibody. The antibody will then react with the drug-protein conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region of the specific drug strip. The presence of drug above the cut-off concentration in the oral fluid specimen will saturate all the binding sites of the antibody. Therefore, the colored line will not form in the test line region.

A drug-positive oral fluid specimen will not generate a colored line in the specific test line region of the strip because of drug competition, while a drug-negative oral fluid specimen will generate a line in the test line region because of the absence of drug competition.

To serve as a procedural control, a colored line will always appear at the control line region, indicating that proper volume of specimen has been added and membrane wicking has occurred.

10. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance a. Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off

Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $. 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking cotinine or marijuana in negative oral fluid samples. Each cotinine or marijuana concentration was confirmed by LC/MS/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days per device lot in a randomized order. The following are summaries.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultsDevice Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/2-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23-/27+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/1-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultDevice Lot</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>81.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47-/3+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/1-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/22+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/2-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/26+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/3-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50+/0-</td></tr></table>

The following cut-off values for the candidate device has been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable.

c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the real time stability study at $4 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and $3 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ .

d. Interference

Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free oral fluid and target drugs oral fluid with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the Healgen device. Compounds that showed no interference for cotinine and THC at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diacetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(IR,2S)-(-)Ephedrine Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Allobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diltiazem HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niordiazepan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazole</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atenolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine (PCP)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baclofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluconazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">beta-Phenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gemfibrozil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pioglitazone HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procainamide HCI</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine HCL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citalopram HBr</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Thyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline HCL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clopidogrel bisulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levetiracetam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simvastin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metformin HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Topiramate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-Salbutamol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Montelukast sodium salt</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine Sulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zonisamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deta-9-THC (except for THC test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Y</td></tr><tr><td>Dextromethorphan</td><td>Naloxone</td><td></td></tr></table>

Food items such as methanol cough drops, cough syrup, cola, mouthwash, coffee, tea, milk, sugar, chewing gum, alcohol, baking soda, salt, cranberry juice, orange juice, food coloring (red, blue, green), toothpaste, tomatoes and MSG were added in either drug-free oral fluid or oral fluid containing the target drugs with concentrations of $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cutoff levels to a concentration of $5 \%$ . None of the substances showed interference. Hemoglobin showed no interference at $1 0 \mathrm { m g / d L }$ .

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the Healgen device. The following are summaries.

COT   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine(Cut-off=30 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-) Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S(-)-Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trans-3-hydroxycotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-anabasine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,350,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.002%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)-nornicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.03%</td></tr></table>

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana(Cut-off=40 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ResultPositive at (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9 COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-hydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol (CBD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.8%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Nor-Δ9-THC-carboxy-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-11-nor-9-carboxy-∆9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-beta-11-dihydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-beta-hydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Exo-ThC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-11-Nor-Δ9-THC-9-CarboxylicAcyl-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>266.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ8-THC Carboxylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-THC Carboxylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Oral fluid pH

To investigate the effect of oral fluid $\mathsf { p H }$ , oral fluid samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of the device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off.

# g. Drug Recovery Study

Negative oral fluid samples in glass bottles were spiked with target drugs to concentrations of - $. 5 0 \%$ and $+ 5 0 \%$ of the cutoffs. The samples were transferred to Healgen devices and store at room temperature, at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ and at $4 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . Over $90 \%$ recoveries were observed for both cotinine and marijuana in the Healgen devices. Oral fluid samples can be stored in the device at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ for at least 90 days. Oral fluid samples can be shipped overnight in the device for LC-MS confirmation.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the Healgen Device were performed at three testing sites for each target drug with one operator at each site. Operators tested total 427 samples for COT and 126 samples for THC. The obtained test results are compared to LC/MS/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

COT   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Range(by LC-MS/MS)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than Half theCutoff Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>88%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CM-098</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CM-003</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LH-140</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.62</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LH-161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28.88</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LS-007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CM-096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LH-069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LS-082</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LS-002</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31.84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Range(by LC-MS/MS)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than Half theCutoff Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0665123</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0665139</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0583367</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0583363</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0583368</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S0583371</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# 3. Layuser Studies

Layuser studies for the Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT were performed at three testing sites. Total 362 layusers with diverse educational and professional backgrounds performed tests based on the product insert. The layuser results are compared to LC/MS/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration Range(by LC-MS/MS)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Numberofsamples</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Less than Half theCutoff Concentration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>31</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>89%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near Cutoff Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>87%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>154</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sites</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NX-032</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH-012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH-028</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AJ-096</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.89</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NX-010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.53</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NX-010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38.64</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PH-083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35.80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AJ-019</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AJ-016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32.54</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Layusers were given surveys on the ease of understanding the instruction for use. All layusers indicated that the device instruction is easy to understand and follow. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on the package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

4. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, interference, specificity, method comparison and layuser studies of the device, it’s concluded that the Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test and Healgen $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Accurate Oral Fluid Drug Test COT are substantially equivalent to the predicates.