Microgenics Corporation   
Thermo Fisher Scientific   
Pranjali Shinde   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
46500 Kato Road   
Fremont, California 94538

Re: K231020 Trade/Device Name: Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3910 Regulation Name: Tricyclic Antidepressant Drugs Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: LFH Dated: October 11, 2023 Received: October 13, 2023

Dear Pranjali Shinde:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device"

(https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Joseph Kotarek Branch Chief Division of Chemistry

and Toxicology Devices OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

The AlinityTricyclicAntidepressants Reagent Kit is ahomogeneous enzymemmuoassay intended or ushe plasma at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ on the Alinity c system in patients suspected of drug overdose.

T for confirmation by confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), or for permitting laboratories to establish control procedures.

Th obtaconfirme analytical result. LiquidCromatoraphyTandemMass Specrometry LC-MS/MS is the preerred confirmatory method.

Cl saj ol p rua  e positive results are used.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and aintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) Summary

510(k) Number: K231020

This 510(k) Summary of Safety and Effectiveness is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

# A. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000Fax: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent ContactInformation:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pranjali ShindeMicrogenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA-94538Email: Pranjali.Shinde@Thermofisher.comPhone: 510-979-5000Fax: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trade or Proprietary Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Brand Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFH, Class II,21 CFR 862. 3910 - Tricyclic antidepressant drugstest system, 91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# Predicate Device Information:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceManufacturer:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corporation</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device CommonName</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device PremarketNotification #:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K213875</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device ProductCode, Classification,Classification Name &amp; Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LFH, Class II,21 CFR 862. 3910 - Tricyclic antidepressant drugs testsystem, 91 - Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# B. Date Summary Prepared

November 17, 2023

# C. Description of Device

The Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit is an automated clinical chemistry assay and a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay using ready-to-use liquid reagents. The assay uses polyclonal antibodies that detect most tricyclic antidepressants in serum or plasma. The assay is based on the competition between an enzyme-labeled drug and the drug from the serum or plasma for a fixed number of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of drug from the sample, the specific antibody binds to the drug labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a direct relationship between the drug concentration in the serum or plasma and the enzyme activity. The G6PDH enzyme activity is determined spectrophotometrically at 340/416 nm by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

The Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit is supplied as a two liquid reagent kit (R1 and R2). They are included within the same kit, see details below:

Antibody/Substrate Reagent (R1): Contains polyclonal anti-tricyclics antibodies (sheep), glucose-6- phosphate (G6P), and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a preservative.   
Enzyme Conjugate Reagent (R2): Contains glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) labeled with nortriptyline in Tris buffer with sodium azide as a   
preservative.

# D. Intended Use

The Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for use in the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) in human serum or plasma at a cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ on the Alinity c system in patients suspected of drug overdose.

The semiquantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), or for permitting laboratories to establish control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# E. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device:Alinity c Tricyclic AntidepressantsReagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device:DRI Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay(K213875)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alinity c TricyclicAntidepressants Reagent Kit is ahomogeneous enzymeimmunoassay intended for use inthe qualitative and/orsemiquantitative determination ofthe presence of tricyclicantidepressants (TCAs) in humanserum or plasma at a cutoffconcentration of 300 ng/mL onthe Alinity c system in patientssuspected of drug overdose.The semiquantitative mode is forthe purpose of enablinglaboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of thespecimen for confirmation byconfirmatory method such asLiquid Chromatography/TandemMass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS),or for permitting laboratories toestablish control procedures.The assay provides only apreliminary analytical test result.A more specific alternativechemical method must be usedto obtain a confirmed analyticalresult. LiquidChromatography/Tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method.Clinical and professionaljudgment should be applied toany drug of abuse test result,particularly when preliminarypositive results are used.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DRI TM Tricyclics Serum ToxAssay is a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay intended for thequalitative and/or semiquantitativedetermination of the presence oftricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) inhuman serum, plasma, or urine ofpatients at a cutoff concentrationof 300 ng/mL in patientssuspected of drug overdose.The semi-quantitative mode is forthe purpose of enablinglaboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of thespecimen for confirmation by aconfirmatory method such asLiquid Chromatography/TandemMass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS)or permitting laboratories toestablish quality controlprocedures.The assay provides only apreliminary analytical test result. Amore specific alternative chemicalmethod must be used to obtain aconfirmed analytical result. LiquidChromatography/Tandem MassSpectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method.Clinical and professional judgmentshould be applied to any drug ofabuse test result, particularly whenpreliminary positive results areused.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serum, Plasma, Urine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready-to-use.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep polyclonal antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 °C until expiration date.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principal Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator Levelsfor Semi-Quant</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-point Calibrator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5-point Calibrator</td></tr></table>

# F. Test Principle

The Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent Kit is an automated clinical chemistry assay and a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay using ready-to-use liquid reagents. The assay uses polyclonal antibodies that detect most tricyclic antidepressants in serum or plasma. The assay is based on the competition between an enzyme-labeled drug and the drug from the serum or plasma for a fixed number of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of drug from the sample, the specific antibody binds to the drug labeled with glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH) and the enzyme activity is inhibited. This phenomenon creates a direct relationship between the drug concentration in the serum or plasma and the enzyme activity. The G6PDH enzyme activity is determined spectrophotometrically at 340/416 nm by measuring its ability to convert nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

# G. Summary of Supporting Data

# Analytical Performance:

The performance was evaluated on Alinity c clinical chemistry analyzer.

a) Precision

Precision study is performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP05-A3.

Samples were prepared by spiking Nortriptyline in drug-free serum at final concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ , $- 7 5 \%$ , $- 5 0 \%$ , $- 2 5 \%$ below cutoff, cutoff and $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ above cutoff. .

# Repeatability:

The study was conducted for 20 days with 2 runs per day, 2 replicates per run in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes with 1 lot of reagent, calibrators, and controls. There were 80 replicates for each level of precision samples. The results of the precision study (Repeatability) are presented in the table below.

Table 1: Precision study data (Repeatability) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=80)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54/26</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56/24</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0/80</td></tr></table>

# Reproducibility:

The study was conducted for 5 days with 1 run per day, 5 replicates per run in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes with 2 lots of reagents on 3 different instruments. The results of the precision study (Reproducibility) are presented in the table below.

Table 2: Precision study data (Reproducibility) in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for   
300 ng/mL cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>SpikedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% ofCutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Total Precision (n=75) - Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofDeterminants</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>QualitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-quantitativeImmunoassayResults(Negative/Positive)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40/35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49/26</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75/0</td></tr></table>

# b) Spike Recovery

The spike recovery study was performed using 20 replicates. Samples were prepared by spiking Nortriptyline in drug-free serum at $2 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , $3 7 5 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ . The study demonstrated the accuracy of spike recovery at low control $( 2 2 5 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ and high control $( 3 7 5 \mathrm { n g / m L } )$ in both qualitative and semi-quantitative mode. The results of the study are presented in the table below.

Table 3: Spike Recovery in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode for $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff – Serum   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Replicates</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Low Control: 225 ng/mL(-25% of cutoff) (n=20)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Control: 375 ng/mL(+25% of cutoff)(n=20)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Overlap</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Relative toC/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 below C/O</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">All 20 above C/O</td></tr></table>

# c) Dilution Linearity

The Dilution Linearity study is performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP06- Ed2.

To demonstrate the dilution linearity for purposes of sample dilution and quality control of the entire assay range, drug-free serum was spiked using Nortriptyline and diluted with drug-free serum to generate 9 levels between 0 and 500 ng/mL. Each sample was run in replicates of 5 in semi-quantitative mode and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected target value. The study results are presented in the table below.

Table 4: Dilution linearity data in Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expectedconcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Average of observedconcentration (ng/mL)(N=5)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>62.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>118</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>125.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>115</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>187.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>112</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>260</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>312.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>310</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>105</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>437.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>453</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>492</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr></table>

# d) Method Comparison and Accuracy

The method comparison study is performed in accordance with CLSI guideline EP07- A3, EP09c-A3 & EP12-A.

One (1) replicate of each of the 50 negative and 50 positive patient specimens were analyzed in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. Results were compared to LC-MS/MS lab testing. The results of the study are presented in the tables below.

Table 5: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in qualitative mode with LC-MS/MS –   
  

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Serum</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlinityTCAAssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativebby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between50% belowthe cutoff andthe cutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(150-299ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and50% abovethe cutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96% or (48/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100%or (50/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98% or (98/100)</td></tr></table>

1 Refer to Table 7 for discordant samples of serum.

Table 6: Stratified data comparing immunoassay in semi-quantitative mode with LC MS/MS – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AlinityTCAAssayResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeby LC-MS/MS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 50% ofCutoffconcentrationby LC-MS/MS (&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between50% belowthe cutoffand thecutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(150-299ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and50% abovethe cutoffconcentrationasdeterminedby LC-MS/MS)(300-450ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositives(Greater than50% abovecutoffconcentration(&gt; 450ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Negative Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>96% or (48/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Positive Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>100% or (50/50)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>% Total Sample Agreement</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>98% or (98/100)</td></tr></table>

1 Refer to Table 7 for discordant samples of serum.

1 Table 7: Discordant Samples – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative (8ΔmA/min)Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Semi-QuantitativeObserved concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS Value(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP9489-2 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>332 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>104</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>APP9474-2 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>323 (Positive)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>113</td></tr></table>

2 Sample APP9489-2 contains Amitriptyline at $8 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , Imipramine at $1 8 . 3 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Desipramine at $4 6 . 3 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , and Nortriptyline at $1 7 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ , $1 5 8 \%$ , $107 \%$ , and $100 \%$ by immunoassay respectively.

3 Sample APP9474-2 contains Amitriptyline at $9 . 0 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , Imipramine at $1 9 . 9 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ , Desipramine at $4 9 . 8 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , and Nortriptyline at $1 9 . 6 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ by LC-MS/MS and cross-reacts at $100 \%$ , $1 5 8 \%$ , $107 \%$ , and $100 \%$ by immunoassay respectively.

Additional Testing of discordant samples: Additional LC-MS analysis was performed on these two samples to assess root cause for the discordant result. In the final LCMS/MS result, both samples, APP9489-2 and APP9474-2, detected positive by immunoassay contain Carbamazepine with concentrations of $4 2 7 5 \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ and 595 ng/mL, respectively. Carbamazepine has been shown to cross-react in multiple antibody-based TCA immunoassays as documented in independent scientific literature (Section 22, References 19, 20, 21). In addition, this effect was demonstrated as part of cross-reactivity studies reported in CDD-FR-REC-7208 Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Serum Tox Assay Non-Critical Cross Reactivity Report. Both discordant samples contain carbamazepine with concentration above $3 0 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ , which is sufficient to cause the unconfirmed positive result seen for these two samples. The cross-reactivity with carbamazepine is a limitation of the immunoassay.

# e) Matrix equivalency

Matrix Equivalency is performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline EP12-A2, EP35 & EP39 Ed-1.

Two (2) replicates of 50 patient samples were run in both qualitative and semiquantitative modes to demonstrate Nortriptyline concentrations obtained in different test plasma matrices with different anticoagulants are equivalent to those measured in the primary or control matrix, serum. The results of the matrix equivalency study are presented in the table below.

Table 8: Matrix Equivalency results in qualitative and semi-quantitative mode   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>Serum Matrix</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Semi- Quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K EDTA Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>K3 EDTA plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Lithium Heparin Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium Citrate Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Potassium OxalatePlasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sodium Heparin Plasma</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

# f) Specificity

Cross-Reactivity to structurally related compounds (Critical Cross-Reactivity): The cross-reactivity of Tricyclic compounds and other structurally related compounds were evaluated by adding known amount of each compound into drug-free serum at concentrations indicated. The results are summarized in the tables below.

Table 9: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Serum (TCA and its metabolites)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Structurally RelatedCompounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CrossReactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-Hydroxy imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Hydroxy quetiapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Hydroxy amoxapinesolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-Hydroxy amoxapinesolution</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10-Hydroxyamitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>27.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.15%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>280</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>107.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dosulepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.9%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lofepramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>440</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68.1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Desmethyltrimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>325</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norclomipraminehydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nordoxepin hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opipramol HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>350</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>85.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quetiapine fumarate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.54%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75.0%</td></tr></table>

Table 10: Cross Reactivity to structurally related compounds in Serum (other drugs)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Structurally RelatedCompounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>TestedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive/Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alimemazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Blonanserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desloratadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Haloperidol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loratadine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loxapine succinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mianserin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mirtazapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-desmethyIclozapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-DesmethyImirtazapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nefazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normaprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Olanzapine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Paroxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenoxybenzamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiothixene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tianeptine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ziprasidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.3%</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity to structurally unrelated compounds (Non-Critical Cross-Reactivity): Structurally unrelated compounds and/or concurrently used drugs were spiked at the concentration listed below into low and high controls (225 and 375 ng/mL) in serum. As shown in the table below the controls were detected accurately, with the low control as negative and the high control as positive, indicating that all the compounds evaluated exhibited minimal cross-reactivity at the concentration tested. The study results are presented in the table below:

Table 11: Cross Reactivity to structurally unrelated compounds in Serum   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Structurally UnrelatedCompounds</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">TestedConcentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound Spikedinto Low Sample(225 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound Spikedinto High Sample(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AcetylIsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amisulpride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzotropine MethaneSulfonate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Brompheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine Epoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine phosphate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cimetidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DiacetyImorphine (Heroin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP Perchlorate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP-HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glutethimide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyzine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methsuximide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalbuphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norhydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxaprozin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenytoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Primidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triprolidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# g) Interference

The interference s study is performed in accordance with CLSI Guideline CLSI EP07- A3& EP37_ED1.

The potential interference of endogenous and exogenous substances on the recovery of nortriptyline using Alinity TCA Reagent Kit was assessed. Potentially interfering substances were spiked into the low control, 225ng/mL ( $- 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ and high controls, 375 ng/mL $( + 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } ) }$ .

In the presence of the compounds listed below, the controls were detected accurately, indicating that these compounds did not show interference in the assay.

Table 12: Results of Interfering Substances Testing – Serum   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compounds</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tested Concentrations(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Low Control(225 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Control(375 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Conjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin (Unconjugated)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Serum Albumin (HSA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y-globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rh Factor</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1300 IU</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triglycerides</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# H. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between Alinity c Tricyclic Antidepressants Reagent kit and DRI Tricyclics Serum Tox Assay (K213875).