VivaChek Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K231978 Trade/Device Name: BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel 50; BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50; BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20; BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 50; BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20; BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 50 Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3870 Regulation Name: Cannabinoid Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NFW Dated: June 27, 2023 Received: July 3, 2023

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

Joseph Kotarek   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K231978

Device Name   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20; BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 50   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 50 Indications for Use (Describe)   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .   
The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only. BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .   
The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .   
The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K231978

Device Name BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel 50 BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50

Indications for Use (Describe)   
BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .   
The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only. BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .   
The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.   
For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) SUMMARY K231978

1 Date   
2 Submitter

3 Contact Person

August 31, 2023   
VivaChek Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. Level 2, Block 2, 146 East Chaofeng Rd. Hangzhou, China   
Joe Shia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite J   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877   
Telephone: 240-505-7880   
Fax: 301-916-6213   
Email: shiajl@yahoo.com

4 Device Name

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 50   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20   
BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 50   
BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel 50   
BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50

5 Classification

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product CodeTarget Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NFWCannabinoids</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

6. Predicate Device BIOEASY Marijuana Test Dip Card and BIOEASY Marijuana Test Strip (K192301)

7. Intended Use

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50 is competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For in vitro diagnostic use only.

# 8. Device Description

The BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel (Strip) and the BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel (Strip) tests are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of Marijuana in human urine. The products are single-use in vitro diagnostic devices. Each test kit contains a Test Device and a package insert. Each test device is sealed with a desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

# 9. Substantial Equivalence Information

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Proposed Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate(K192301)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s) foruse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination of marijuana in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assaybased on antigen-antibody reaction</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator andCut-Off Values</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-9-THC-9-COOH20 ng/mL or 50 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Strip and Panel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prescription Use and over-the-counter use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over-the-counter</td></tr></table>

10. Test Principle

The BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel and the BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip tests are rapid tests for the qualitative detection of marijuana in urine samples. They are lateral flow chromatographic immunoassay. When urine sample is added to the device, urine is absorbed into the test strip and migrates upwards by capillary action. If the concentration of target drug presented in the urine sample is below the cutoff level, the target drug will not saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal antibody-coated particles. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate and a visible colored band will be formed on the test line region. If the concentration of target is beyond the cutoff level, the target drug will saturate the binding sites of its specific monoclonal antibody-particles, thus the antibody-coated particles will not be captured by immobilized drug-conjugate hence no colored band will be formed on the test line region.

A band should be formed on the control line region regardless of the presence of target drug or metabolite in the sample to indicate that the tests have been performed properly.

# 11. Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, - $50 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cutoff, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off at three different testing sites. Samples with concentration of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff were drug-free urines samples. Other samples were prepared by spiking 11-Nor- $\triangle 9$ -THC-9-COOH in drug-free urine samples. Each 11-Nor- $\triangle 9$ -THC-9-COOH concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day at each site for each lot for 10 days. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

For Strip Format of $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cut-off:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42-/18+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32+/28-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/14-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43-/17+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35+/25-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42+/18-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41-/19+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/27-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45+15-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

For Panel Format $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cut-off:

For Strip Format of $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cut-off:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43-/17+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34+/26-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44+/16-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44-/16+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35+/25-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46+/14-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43-/17+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37+/23-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45+/15-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24-/36+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22-/38+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23-/37+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

For Panel Format $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ Cut-off:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Resultdrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30-/30+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>26-/34+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

The following cutoff values are verified:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off values</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Marijuana Test Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 or 50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Marijuana Test Strip</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20 or 50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity

Not applicable c. Stability

The devices are stable at $4 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on accelerated and real time stability studies.

d. Interference

Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free urine sample and samples with target drugs of $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff and $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff level and tested with $5 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off strip and panel devices. Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free urine sample and samples with target drugs of $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff and $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff level and tested with $2 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off strip and panel devices. Compounds that show no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ (albumin was tested at 100 $\mathrm { m g / d L }$ and ethanol was tested at $1 \%$ ) are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol (1%v/v)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5- Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

e. Specificity

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to cross-react in urine samples were spiked into drug-free urine. These urine samples were tested using three lots of each device.   
Percent cross-reactivity, provided in the below table, was calculated as the cutoff concentration divided by the concentration of analyte tested that yielded a positive result, multiplied by 100; compounds that did not yield a positive result at the highest concentration tested have relative cross reactivity results represented by a dash in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC(Cannabinoids)(11-nor-∆9-THC-9-COOH, Cut-off = 20 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Hydroxy--Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-8-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"> 8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">--</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor- 9-THC-carboxy glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-Δ9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC(Cannabinoids)(11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH, Cut-off = 50 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Hydroxy-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Nor-8-Tetrahydrocannabinol-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>--</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-Nor-9-THC-carboxy glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-Δ9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity, urine samples with specific gravity from 1.000 to 1.035 were spiked with target drugs at $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff and $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff levels for the $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off devices. And the same urine specific gravity samples were spiked with target drugs at $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff and $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff levels for the $2 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off devices. Three Operators tested each sample using test devices from three different lots. The results were all positive for samples at $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff or $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff and all negative for samples at $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff or $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff, indicating that urine specific gravity between 1.000 and 1.035 has no effect on the accuracy and precision of the test devices.

To investigate the effect of urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples with $\mathsf { p H }$ value from 4 to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff and $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff levels for the $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off devices. And the same urine $\mathsf { p H }$ samples were spiked with target drugs at $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff and $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff levels for the 20 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ cut-off devices. Three Operators tested each sample using test devices from three different lots. The results were all positive for samples at $+ 2 5 \%$ or $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff and all negative for samples at $- 2 5 \%$ or $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff, indicating that urine $\mathsf { p H }$ value between 4.0 and 9.0 has no effect on the accuracy and precision of the test device.

# 2. Comparison Studies

The method comparison studies for BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel and BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip were performed with six operators. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered

urine samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the table below:

For BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Strip 20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between -50%and the Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by LC-MS/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22042</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22005</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22181</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22241</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22279</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

For BioSieve™ Dx Marijuana Test Panel 20   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between -50%and the Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by LC-MS/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22071</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22204</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22205</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22302</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

For BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip 50   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between -50%and the Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by LC-MS/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22115</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22284</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>:</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22237</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than -50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between -50%and the Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive by LC-MS/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveTM Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22217</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>46.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22017</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22206</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator D</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22137</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22103</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator F</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22152</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>53.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td></tr></table>

Lay-user study:

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 280 lay persons for the devices. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to $> 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / -$ $50 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the $5 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff by spiking 11-Nor-△9-THC-9-COOH into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. Each device was tested. Summary results are shown below.

The results summary for strip format:

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan="2">Number of samples</td><td rowspan="2">Drug Concentration by LC/MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2">Lay person Results</td><td rowspan="2">The percentage of correct results (%)</td></tr><tr><td>No. of Positive</td><td>No. of Negative</td></tr></table>

The results summary for panel format:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Number ofsamples</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Drug ConcentrationbyLC/MS/MS(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person Results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage ofcorrect results (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75% Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr></table>

Participants were given surveys on the ease of understanding the instruction for use. All participants indicated that the device instruction is easy to understand and follow. A FleschKincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# Clinical Studies:

Not applicable.

# 12. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the device including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Panel and BioSieve™ Marijuana Test Strip are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.