Microgenics Corporation   
Amrit Takhar   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist II   
46500 Kato Road   
Fremont, California 94538

Re: K231007 Trade/Device Name: CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: August 11, 2023 Received: August 15, 2023

Dear Amrit Takhar:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reporting-mdr-howreport-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Sincerely,

# Joseph A. Kotarek -S

Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S Date: 2023.09.27 17:25:56 -04'00'

Joseph Kotarek   
Toxicology Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for the in vitro qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of the presence of heroin metabolite (6-AM) in human urine at a cut-off concentration of $1 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a rapid analytical screening procedure to detect 6-Acetylmorphine in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LCMS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K Summary K231007

# I. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Contact Details</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corporation Thermo FisherScientific 46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact Information:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amrit TakharRegulatory Affairs Specialist II,Regulatory AffairsEmail: Amrit.Takhar@thermofisher.comPhone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legally Marketed Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legally Marketed Predicate Device</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Premarket Notification Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K192943</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiate Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiates</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td></tr></table>

# II. Date Summary Prepared

# III. Description of Device

CEDIA technology uses recombinant DNA technology to produce a unique homogeneous enzyme immunoassay system. The assay is based on the bacterial enzyme $\beta .$ - galactosidase, which has been genetically engineered into two inactive fragments. These fragments spontaneously re-associate to form fully active enzymes that, in the assay format, cleave a substrate. This generates a color change that can be measured spectrophotometrically.

CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay is supplied as a two liquid and two lyophilized reagent kit homogeneous enzyme immunoassay. The assay uses an antibody that is specific for 6-Acetylmorphine and cross reacts with Heroin. The assay has minimal crossreactivity to structurally related and unrelated compounds. In the assay, analyte in the sample competes with analyte conjugated to one inactive fragment of $\beta$ -galactosidase for antibody binding site. If analyte is present in the sample, it binds to antibody, leaving the inactive enzyme fragments free to form active enzyme. If analyte is not present in the sample, antibody binds to analyte conjugated on the inactive fragment, inhibiting the reassociation of inactive $\beta$ - galactosidase fragments, and no active enzyme is formed. The amount of active enzyme formed and resultant absorbance change are directly proportional to the amount of drug present in the sample.

IV. Intended Use

A. Indications for Use: See indications for use below.

# B. Intended Use:

The CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay for the in vitro qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of the presence of heroin metabolite (6-AM) in human urine at a cut-off concentration of 10 ng/mL. The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a rapid analytical screening procedure to detect 6-Acetylmorphine in human urine. The assay is designed for use with a number of clinical chemistry analyzers. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only.

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/ mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# V. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay(K192943)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indications forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See intended use below forindications use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>See intended use below forindications use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Identical</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>Candidate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Predicate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay(K192943)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Comparison</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=4 colspan=8>The CEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay isa homogeneousenzyme immunoassay forthe in vitro qualitativeand/or semi-quantitativedetermination of thepresence of heroinmetabolite (6-AM) inhuman urine at a cut-offconcentration of 10 ng/mL.The assay is intended to beused in laboratories andprovides a rapid analyticalscreening procedure todetect 6-Acetylmorphine inhuman urine. The assay is</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=2>The CEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-Acetylmorphine, or 6-AM)Assay is a homogeneousenzyme immunoassay forthe in vitro qualitativeand/or semi-quantitativedetermination of thepresence of heroinmetabolite (6-AM) inhuman urine at a cut-offconcentration of 10 ng/mL.The assay is intended to beused in laboratories andprovides a rapid analyticalscreening procedure todetect 6-Acetylmorphine inhuman urine. The assay isdesigned for use with anumber of clinicalchemistry analyzers. Thisproduct is intended to beused by trainedprofessionals only.The semi-quantitativemode is for the purpose ofenabling laboratories todetermine an appropriatedilution of the specimen forconfirmation by aconfirmatory method suchas LiquidChromatography/tandemmass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permittinglaboratories to establishquality control procedures.The assay provides only apreliminary analytical testresult. A more specific</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=2>Identical</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>used in laboratories and</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>provid</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>designed for use with anumber of clinicalchemistry analyzers. Thisproduct is intended to be</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=7>used by trained</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>professionals only.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>The semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=7>mode is for the purpose of</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=4>mode is for the purpose ofenabling laboratories todetermine an appropriatedilution of the specimen forconfirmation by aconfirmatory method such</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=8>confirmatory method suchas LiquidChromatography/tandemmass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permittinglaboratories to establishquality control procedures.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>confirmato</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>confirm</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=8>The assay provides only apreliminary analytical testresult. A more specificalternative chemical</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCEDIATM HeroinMetabolite (6-AM) Assay(K192943)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">method must be used toobtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gaschromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS) orLiquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferredconfirmatory method.Clinical and professionaljudgment should be appliedto any drug of abuse testresult, particularly whenpreliminary results areused.For In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">alternative chemicalmethod must be used toobtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gaschromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS) orLiquid chromatography/mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferredconfirmatory method.Clinical and professionaljudgment should be appliedto any drug of abuse testresult, particularly whenpreliminary results areused.For In Vitro Diagnostic UseOnly.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DJG</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationand Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, 21 CFR 862.3650- Opiate testsystem, 91 - Toxicology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Class II, 21 CFR 862.3650Opiate testsystem, 91 - Toxicology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEDIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CEDIA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-AcetyImorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-AcetyImorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin and 6-Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin and 6-AcetyImorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay contains buffer salts,stabilizer, and preservative,BSA. Assay contains mousemonoclonal anti-6-Acetylmorphine derivativeantibody, Enzyme Acceptor(Escherichia Coli), andEnzyme Donor (EscherichiaColi) Conjugated to 6-Acetylmorphinederivative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay contains buffer salts,stabilizer, and preservative,BSA. Assay contains mousemonoclonal anti-6-AcetyImorphine derivativeantibody, Enzyme Acceptor(Escherichia Coli), andEnzyme Donor (EscherichiaColi) Conjugated to 6-AcetyImorphine derivative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EA and ED:Lyophilized(Reconstitution Required)EARB and EDRB: Liquidready-to-use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EA and ED: Lyophilized(Reconstitution Required)EARB and EDRB: Liquidready-to-use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse MonoclonalAntibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse MonoclonalAntibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expirationdate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrincipalOperator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Horiba Yumizen C1200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Horiba Pentra C400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DifferentclinicalchemistryAnalyzer</td></tr></table>

VI. Summary of Performance Testing

A. Precision: For Qualitative and semi-quantitative mode, $\geq 9 5 \%$ of samples below the cutoff read as negative and $\geq 9 5 \%$ of samples above the cutoff read as positive.   
B. Spike Recovery: In qualitative mode, there is $\mathsf { n o } \pm 2 \mathsf { S D }$ overlap between the spiked 10 ng/mL, 7.5 and $1 2 . 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ samples. All 20 replicates of spiked $7 . 5 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and 12.5 ng/mL samples are detected as Negative and Positive, respectively, when compared to 10 ng/mL spiked sample. In semi-quantitative mode, the spiked samples recover within $8 0 { - } 1 2 0 \%$ of the nominal values.   
C. Dilution Linearity: The assay demonstrates linearity throughout the calibration range of 0 to $2 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ and $\mathsf { R } > 0 . 9 9$ . The mean recovery at each level is within $8 0 { - } 1 2 0 \%$ of expected values.   
D. Method Comparison:

#

The negative agreement in qualitative mode is $100 \%$ and semi-quantitative mode is $9 8 . 4 \%$ . The positive agreement in qualitative mode is $100 \%$ and Semi-quantitative mode is $9 8 . 3 \%$ . The overall correlation agreement in Qualitative mode is $100 \%$ and Semi-quantitative mode is $9 8 . 4 \%$ .

# E. Specificity:

Cross-Reactivity

The assay is specific for 6-Acetylmorphine and demonstrates cross-reactivity to heroin. Minimal cross-reactivity is observed with other structurally related and unrelated compounds.

# Interference

Results demonstrate that there is no significant interference from the endogenous and exogenous substances in human urine at the tested concentrations, in samples within pH range of 3–11 and in samples with specific gravity within 1.000–1.030.

# F. Stability:

Reagent On-Board Stability   
Reagent On-Board stability studies for one lot stored on-board clinical analyzer supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# Reconstituted Reagent Stability

Reconstituted Reagent stability studies for one lot stored at $_ { 2 - 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# Open Vial Stability

Open Vial stability studies for one lot stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } } \complement$ supports the claim of 60 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes. This data was presented in the original 510(k) submission K192943.

# Real Time Stability for Reagent

Real time stability studies for three lots of reagents stored at ${ 2 { - } 8 ^ { \circ } } \complement$ have been carried out for up to 26 months. Proposed shelf-life claim is 24 months. This data was presented in the 510(k) submission K192943.

# VII. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6-AM) Assay and the predicate device CEDIATM Heroin Metabolite (6- AM) Assay (K192943).