Hangzhou AllTest Biotech Co., Ltd. $\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K231698 Trade/Device Name: AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: June 11, 2023 Received: June 12, 2023

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your Section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database located at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safety-reportingcombination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531- 542 of the Act); 21 CFR 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR Part 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 06/30/2023 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) k231698</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine)</td></tr></table>

AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid 0MB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY (K231698)

1. Date:

June 11, 2023

2. Submitter:

Hangzhou Alltest Biotech Co.,Ltd #550, Yinhai Street Hangzhou, zhejiang, China 310018

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504E Diamond Ave., Suite H Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Names:

AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine)

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit (K220046)

6. Indications for Use

AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . This in vitro diagnostic device is for prescription use only.

The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

# 7. Device Description

AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl in human urine. Each AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) device consists of a Test Cassette and a package insert. Each Test Cassette is sealed with sachets of desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

8. Substantial Equivalence Information A summary comparison of features of the AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) and the predicate devices is provided in following table.

Table 1: Features Comparison of AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) and the Predicate Devices   

<table><tr><td>Item</td><td>Device</td><td>Predicate  K220046</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination offentanyl in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl (FTY)1 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For prescription use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cassette</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dip Card</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">None</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluorescence analyzer</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

AllTest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) is a competitive and immunochromatography assay, and uses monoclonal antibody as the indicator marker to qualitatively detect fentanyl in human urine. The test cassette contains fentanyl test strip. The nitrocellulose membrane test area (T) of the test strip is correspondingly coated with fentanyl-bovine serum albumin conjugate, and the quality control area (C) is coated with goat anti-rabbit IgG polyclonal antibody. When the concentration of fentanyl in the sample is higher than or equal to the cut-off of the product, it will compete with the corresponding conjugate coated on the test area (T) to bind to the monoclonal antibody, the test line is inhibited and the result is positive; while when the sample does not contain fentanyl or its concentration is lower than the cut-off of the product, the corresponding conjugate on the test line reacts with sufficient monoclonal antibodies, the test line will be visible and the result is negative. No matter whether the sample contains the corresponding analyte or not, the quality control area (C) will develop a colored line, which is the criteria for judging whether the chromatography process is normal or not.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking fentanyl in negative samples. Each fentanyl concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two tests per day for 10 days per device lot in a randomized order.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">58-/2+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35+/25-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28+/32-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26+/34-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60+/0-</td></tr></table>

# c. Stability

The devices are stable at $2 { - } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the real time stability.

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drug fentanyl urine with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ or specified concentrations are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone (1000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid (100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose (10mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma Globulin (500mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose (3000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene (50ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric Acid (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin (10mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methapyrilene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole (300ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NaCl (4000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea (2000mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic acid (250ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (Cutoff=1ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimumconcentration requiredto obtain a positiveresult (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluorobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-3-cis-methyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.00</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.33</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>/</td></tr></table>

The following opioids compounds were tested at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ . Negative results were obtained for all these compounds. There is no cross-reactivity for these compounds using the Alltest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine).

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normeperidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine (Talwin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipamperone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tilidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-O- Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-N- Desmethyl</td></tr></table>

Trazodone showed $0 . 1 \%$ cross-reactivity as a positive result was observed at $1 0 0 0 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ .

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target fentanyl at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the Alltest Fentanyl Rapid Test (Urine) were performed at three different testing sites. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC-MS/MS Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ALLTEST Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.079</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.906</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M58</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.822</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.917</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M49</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.842</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.079</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M59</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Site 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">M63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.917</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td></tr></table>

# 3. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, and method comparison studies of the devices, it’s concluded a substantial equivalence decision.