ARK Diagnostics, Inc.   
Thomas Houts, Ph.D.   
Sr. Director, Quality, Regulatory and Planning 48089 Fremont Boulevard   
Fremont, California 94538

Re: K231752 Trade/Device Name: ARK Hydrocodone Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG Dated: October 6, 2023 Received: October 6, 2023

Dear Thomas Houts:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Joseph A.  Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S   
Kotarek -S Date: 2023.11.09 11:26:43 -05'00'   
Joseph Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Toxicology Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

Device Name ARK Hydrocodone Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection and/or semi-quantitative estimation of hydrocodone and its metabolites in human urine at a cutoff of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed positive analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

This $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ Summary of Safety and Effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with the requirements of Safe Medical Device Act of 1990 and 21 CFR 807.92.

The assigned 510(k) number is K231752.

# 807.92 (a)(1): Name:

ARK Diagnostics, Inc.

Address:

48089 Fremont Blvd Fremont, CA 94538 USA

Owner Operator Number: 10027663   
Establishment Registration: 3005755244

Phone: (510) 270-6270   
FAX: (510) 270-6298   
Contact: Thomas Houts, Ph.D., FAACC ARK Diagnostics, Inc. Director, Quality, Regulatory and Planning Telephone: (510) 270-6296 E-mail: tom@ark-tdm.com

Date Prepared: June 5, 2023

# 807.92 (a)(2): Device Name – Trade Name, Common Name, and Classification

Trade Name: ARK Hydrocodone Assay   
Common Name: Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay, Opiate Test System   
Classification:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Class II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology(91)</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (a)(3): Identification of the Legally Marketed Predicate Device

DRI Hydrocodone Assay (K150502)

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Hydrocodone Assay

# 807.92 (a)(4): Device Description

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay is supplied as a liquid ready-to-use homogeneous enzyme immunoassay. The assay is based on competition between hydrocodone in the specimen and hydrocodone labeled with recombinant glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase (rG6PDH) for antibody binding sites. As the latter binds antibody, enzyme activity decreases. In the presence of hydrocodone from the specimen, enzyme activity increases and is directly related to the hydrocodone concentration. Active enzyme converts nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH in the presence of glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), resulting in an absorbance change that is measured spectrophotometrically. Endogenous G6PDH does not interfere because the coenzyme NAD functions only with the bacterial enzyme used in the assay.

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay consists of reagents R1 anti-hydrocodone monoclonal rabbit antibodies with substrate and R2 hydrocodone derivative labeled with bacterial recombinant G6PDH enzyme.

# 807.92 (a)(5): Intended Use / Indications for Use

# ARK Hydrocodone Assay

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay is an immunoassay intended for the qualitative detection and/or semi-quantitative estimation of hydrocodone and its metabolites in human urine at a cutoff of $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ .

The semi-quantitative mode is for the purpose of (1) enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method, such as Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS), or (2) permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The ARK Hydrocodone Assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed positive analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

# 807.92 (a)(6): Technological Similarities and Differences to the Predicate

# SUBSTANTIAL EQUIVALENCE COMPARATIVE TABLE

Comparison between the DRI Hydrocodone Assay and the ARK Hydrocodone Assay

<table><tr><td>Characteristic</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Hydrocodone Assay (K150502)</td><td>Candidate Device ARK Hydrocodone Assay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Similarities</td></tr><tr><td>Test System</td><td>Homogenous enzyme immunoassay (HEIA)</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Intended Use</td><td>The DRI® Hydrocodone Assay is intended for the qualitative and semi- quantitative detection and estimation of Hydrocodone and its metabolites in human urine at a cutoff of 300 ng/mL. The semi-quantitative mode is for purposes of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as LC- MS/MS or GCMS and permitting laboratories to establish quality control measures. This assay provides a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to confirm an analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) and Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) are the preferred confirmatory methods. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when</td><td>Same</td></tr><tr><td>Sample Matrix User Environment only</td><td>preliminary positive results are used. Human urine Clinical laboratory; Prescription use</td><td>Same Same</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Hydrocodone Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MassSpectrometryConfirmation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Required to confirm preliminarypositive analytical results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Platform Required</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Automated clinical chemistryanalyzer</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagents Form</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Liquid  Ready-to-use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Reagent Materials</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) reagent system:Antibody/substrate reagent (mousemonoclonal antibodies tohydrocodone) and enzyme labeledconjugate (hydrocodone derivativelabeled with enzyme)Sodium azide preservative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two (2) reagent system:Antibody/substrate reagent (rabbitmonoclonal antibodies tohydrocodone) and enzyme labeledconjugate (hydrocodone derivativelabeled with enzyme)Sodium azide preservative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quality Controls</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Two levels - 225 and 375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-8°C until expiration date</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Measured Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Detection</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Absorbance change measuredspectrophotometrically at 340 nm</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff Level</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Control Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 and 375 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Characteristic</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate DeviceDRI Hydrocodone Assay (K150502)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Candidate DeviceARK Hydrocodone Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Antibody</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mouse monoclonal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rabbit monoclonal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator Levels</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 100, 300, 500, 1000 ng/mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0, 50, 100, 300, 800 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

# 807.92 (b)(1) and 807.92 (b)(2): Brief Description of Nonclinical and Clinical Data

The following performance characteristics were obtained on the Beckman Coulter $\boldsymbol { \mathrm { A U } 6 8 0 } ^ { \textregistered }$ automated clinical chemistry analyzer.

# Precision

Precision studies were performed using CLSI EP05-A3 as a guideline. Drug-free, negative human urine was supplemented with hydrocodone (0 to $6 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ). Each level was assayed in quadruplicate twice a day for 20 days $\mathrm { ( N = } 1 6 0$ ) and evaluated qualitatively and semiquantitatively. Results are summarized in the tables below.

# Qualitative Precision

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative %Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># of Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Precision Results</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 Neg /110 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr></table>

# Semi-quantitative Precision

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Relative%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1># ofResults</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mean(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PrecisionResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>78</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>229</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Neg</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>314</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24 Neg /136 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>450</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>459</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>525</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>539</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>600</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>620</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160 Pos</td></tr></table>

Drug-free, negative human urine was spiked with hydrocodone across the assay range of the semi-quantitative calibration curve. Each sample was run in replicates of 5 in semi-quantitative mode and the average was used to determine percent recovery compared to the expected value.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Expected Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Observed Value(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Recovery (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N/A</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>94</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>247</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>322</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>386</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>480</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>472</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>98</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>560</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>537</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>640</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>606</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>720</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>621</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>800</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>738</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td></tr></table>

# Analytical Specificity

All compounds tested were added to drug-free, negative human urine and tested with the ARK Hydrocodone Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

The cross-reactivity of hydrocodone and its metabolites was evaluated by spiking these compounds into drug-free, negative human urine and evaluated by dose-response to determine the approximate equivalence to the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ hydrocodone cutoff. These concentrations were used to determine the percent cross-reactivity according to the formula:

$\%$ Cross-reactivity $=$ (Cutoff concentration / Concentration approximately equivalent to the 300   
$\mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff) X 100

For compounds that did not produce a positive result, the highest concentration tested was used to calculate percent cross-reactivity.

Cross-reactivity of hydrocodone and its metabolites   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationApproximatelyEquivalent to theCutoff(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>292</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>103</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>299</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone-3β-Glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45,439</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norhydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,277</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr></table>

Cross-reactivity of structurally related or unrelated opiate compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS/NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cross-reactivity (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-6β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalbuphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxegol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortilidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Hydrocodone Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tilidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.3</td></tr></table>

Structurally unrelated compounds   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS/NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+)-MDA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-hydroxy-delta-9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9 carboxy THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1R,2S(-)-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1S,2R(+)-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7-Aminoclonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atorvastatin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzylpiperazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Canagliflozin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carisoprodol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clopidogrel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

ARK Diagnostics, Inc. – 510(k) Summary ARK Hydrocodone Assay

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lamotrigine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LSD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meprobamate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norpseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ondansetron</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenytoin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propranolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Protriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ritalinic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S(+)-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>S,S(+)-Pseudoephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Temazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>250,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zolpidem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100,000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td></tr></table>

# Endogenous Substances

High concentrations of the following endogenous substances were added into hydrocodonespiked urine $( \pm ~ 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Hydrocodone Assay.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ConcentrationTested(mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mL(-25% Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mL(+25% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Salicylic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human γ- Globulin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NaCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic Acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

# Interference – Boric Acid

One percent $( 1 \% )$ w/v of boric acid was added into hydrocodone-spiked urine $( \pm 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff concentration). Results are provided in the table below.

<table><tr><td>Compound</td><td>Concentration Tested</td><td>225 ng/mL (-25% Cutoff)</td><td>375 ng/mL (+25% Cutoff)</td></tr><tr><td>Boric Acid</td><td>1% w/v</td><td>NEG</td><td>NEG</td></tr></table>

# Specific Gravity

Urine samples with specific gravity values ranging from 1.000 to 1.030 were tested in the presence of the two levels of hydrocodone at $\pm 2 5 \%$ of the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff concentration. No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Hydrocodone Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mLHydrocodoneN=3(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mLHydrocodoneN=3(POS/NEG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity 1.0000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity1.0021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity11.0043</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity.0179</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity1.0187</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity1.0262</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecificGravity 1.0303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

# pH

Urine samples with $\mathsf { p H }$ values from 3.0 to 11.0 were tested in the presence of the two levels of hydrocodone at $\pm \ 2 5 \%$ of the $3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff concentration. No interference was observed when tested with the ARK Hydrocodone Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound Tested</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>225 ng/mLHydrocodoneN=3(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>375 ng/mLHydrocodoneN=3(POS/NEG)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urinee pH 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urine pH 11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td></tr></table>

Two hundred twenty-six (226) unaltered clinical urine specimens that are not individually identifiable were analyzed by ARK Hydrocodone Assay in both qualitative and semi-quantitative modes and the results were compared to LC-MS/MS. The overall concordance between LCMS/MS and the ARK Hydrocodone Assay was $9 2 . 5 \%$ .

Qualitative method comparison with LC-MS/MS as reference method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKHydrocodoneAssay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;50% of cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS(&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffandthe cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(150-299 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(300-450 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(&gt;450 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Semi-quantitative method comparison with LC-MS/MS as reference method   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ARKHydrocodoneAssay Results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;50% of cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS(&lt;150 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative(Between 50%below the cutoffandthe cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(150-299 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive(Between thecutoff and 50%above the cutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(300-450 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positive(Greater than50% above thecutoffconcentration byLC-MS/MS)(&gt;450 ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>134</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1*</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

# \*Discordant Results

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Sample #</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ARKQualitative(POS/NEG)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>LC-MS/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>ARKSemi-quantitative(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AdjustedTotal</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>287.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>497.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>377.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>390.0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>156.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>330.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1317.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1323.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>387.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NEG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>306.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>328.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>277.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>39</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>162.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>316.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>61.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>262.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>358.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>203.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>357.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>146.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>190.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>337.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>463.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>68</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>181.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>331.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>382.2</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>545.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>545.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>445.7</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10524.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10530.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2549.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>86</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>255.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>286.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>471.4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>106.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>214.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>320.4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>335.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>97</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1769.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1769.8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>501.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>99</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>706.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>706.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>657.9</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>101</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>POS</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Not Detected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5461.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5461.7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2014.2</td></tr></table>

Seventeen (17) samples were considered discordant relative to the ARK Hydrocodone 300 $\mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff. Cross-reactivity to the major metabolite hydromorphone contributed to the positive results for samples with $< 3 0 0 ~ \mathrm { n g / m L }$ hydrocodone by LC-MS/MS. Sample $\# 3 8$ tested negative and had semi-quantitative results within $2 5 \%$ of the cutoff.

# Traceability and Value Assignment

ARK Hydrocodone Calibrators and Controls are prepared by volumetric dilution of high purity hydrocodone (certified solution traceable to HPLC) into non-sterile, processed human urine free of hydrocodone. Testing is performed with the ARK Hydrocodone Assay on the Beckman Coulter AU680 automated clinical chemistry analyzer, calibrated with the ARK Hydrocodone Calibrator.

# Calibration Curve Stability

A stored calibration curve was effective up to at least 14 days based on supporting data.   
Calibration curve stability may depend on individual laboratory performance.

# 807.92 (b)(3): Conclusions from Nonclinical Testing

As summarized above, the ARK Hydrocodone Assay is substantially equivalent to the legally marketed predicate device, DRI Hydrocodone Assay (K150502) for the declared intended use. Substantial equivalence has been demonstrated through a comparison of the intended use and device characteristics when comparing the subject device to the legally marketed predicate. Performance testing was completed to verify that the device functions as intended and that design specifications have been satisfied. The content of the pre-market notification for the DRI Hydrocodone Assay provides evidence that the device is safe and effective for the intended use.