Shanghai Accurature Diagnostics Co., Ltd.   
$\%$ Eva Li   
Consultant   
Shanghai SUNGO Management Consulting Co., Ltd. Room 1401, Dongfang Building, 1500# Century Ave., Shanghai 200122, China

Re: K232228 Trade/Device Name: Multi-drug Urine Test Cup Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG, DIO, LDJ, LCM, JXM, LAF, DKZ, DIS, DJR, JXN, Dated: January 22, 2024 Received: January 22, 2024

Dear Eva Li:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Sincerely,   
Joseph A. Digitally signed by JosephA. Kotarek -S   
Kotarek -S Date: 2024.02.23 17:32:56 -05'00'   
Joseph Kotarek   
Toxicology Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232228

Device Name Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup AccuratureMulti-drug Urine Test Dip Card

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral   
flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital,   
Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone,   
Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Marijuana in human urine at the cut off concentrations of:

Drug Abbreviation Cut-off Amphetamine AMP 1000ng/mL Secobarbital BAR 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine BUP 10 ng/mL Opzaepam BZO 300 ng/mL Cocaine COC 300 ng/mL Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine MDMA 500 ng/mL Methamphetamine MET 1000ng/mL Morphine MOR 300 ng/mL Methadone MTD 300 ng/mL Oxycodone OXY 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine PCP 25 ng/mL Marijuana THC 50 ng/mL

Configuration of the Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Accurature Multi-drug UrineTest Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For over-the-counter use.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

510(k) Number (if known) K232228

Device Name Multi-drug Urine Test Cup Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow   
immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital,   
Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone,   
Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Marijuana in human urine at the cut off concentrations of:

Drug Abbreviation Cut-off Amphetamine AMP 1000ng/mL Secobarbital BAR 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine BUP 10 ng/mL Opzaepam BZO 300 ng/mL Cocaine COC 300 ng/mL Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine MDMA 500 ng/mL Methamphetamine MET 1000ng/mL Morphine MOR 300 ng/mL Methadone MTD 300 ng/mL Oxycodone OXY 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine PCP 25 ng/mL Marijuana THC 50 ng/mL

Configuration of the Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Multi-drug Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

For prescription use only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510（K）Summary（K232228）

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>. Prepared date:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Jan 14, 2024</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. Submitter:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shanghai Accurature Diagnostics Co.,Ltd.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Building 1,No.168 Banqiao East Road, Shanyang Town,Jinshan District, Shanghai 201508, P.R.China</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3. Contact person:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Shuang He+86-21-33691818hes@kangliyixue.com</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. Device Name*:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OTC use: Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Dip CardAccurature Multi-drug Urine Test CupRx use: Multi-drug Urine Test Dip CardMulti-drug Urine Test Cup</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5. Classification:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td></tr></table>

\*The Device for OTC and Rx are exact same, only have different name. Hereafter, Multi-drug Urine Test Dip card and Multi-drug Urine Test Cup represented both OTC and Rx use.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZAmphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3100, AmphetamineTest System</td><td rowspan=12 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJMarijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3870, CannabinoidsTest System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIOCocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3250,Cocaine andCocaine Metabolitess Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAFMethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21      CFR      §      862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJGMorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3650,Opiate TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXMOxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21      CFR      §      862.3170,Benzodiazepine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJGOxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR§862.3650,OpiateTestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DISSecobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3150, BarbiturateTest System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJGBuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650,Opiate TestSystem</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LAFMethylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21      CFR      §      862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCMPhencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme                ImmunoassayPhencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJRMethadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3620, MethadoneTest System</td></tr></table>

6. Description of the device: The subject device will be sold in two formats: Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card and Multi-drug Urine Test Cup.

Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup and Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Marijuana, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxazepam, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone in human urine samples. Multi-Drug Urine Test devices detect each of analytes on different strips. A positive urine sample will not generate a colored-line for the specific drug tested in the designated region. A negative urine specimen or a urine sample containing Amphetamine, Marijuana, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Oxazepam, Oxycodone, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Phencyclidine and Methadone at the concentration below the designated cutoff levels will generate a colored line in the designated test region for the drug. To serve as a test control, a color line will always appear at the control region.

7. The Predicate Devices: K153050

Device name: Rapid Single/Multi-drug test Cup Rapid Single/Multi-drug test Dipcard Co-Innovation Biotech Co.,Ltd.

8. Indication for use:

Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Marijuana in human urine at the cut off concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. For prescription use only.

Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Dip Card are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Secobarbital, Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine, Methamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Marijuana in human urine at the cut off concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Abbreviation</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BAR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BUP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BZO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MOR</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MTD</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OXY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Configuration of the Accurature Multi-drug Urine Test Cup and Accurature Multi-drug urineTest Dip Card can consist of any combination of the above listed drug analytes.

The test may yield positive results for the prescription drugs Buprenorphine, Oxazepam, Secobarbital and Oxycodone when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug of abuse test result, particularly when the preliminary result is positive. The test provides only preliminary test results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method. For over-the-counter use.

# 9. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the subject device and the predicate devices is provided in the following Table

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Subject device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate deviceK153050</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s) foruse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative detection of drugs-of-abuse   in   human   urine(Amphetamine, Secobarbital ,Buprenorphine, Oxazepam ICocaine,       Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine,MethamphetamineMorphineMethadone,   Oxycodone   IPhencyclidine, Marijuana)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitativedetection of drugs-of-abuse in human urine (Amphetamine,Barbiturates,      Benzodiazepines,Buprenorphine,    Cocaine,    2-ethylidene-1,   5-dimethyl-3,  3-diphenylpyrrolidine,Methylenedioxymethamphetamine,Methamphetamine,Morphine300,Morphine2000,        Methadone,Oxycodone,          Phencyclidine,Propoxyphene,             Tri-cyclicAntidepressants, Marijuan)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same (but thenumber   ofdrugs detecteddifferent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Users</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over the Counter (OTC) Use andPrescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Over the Counter(OTC)Use andPrescription Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographicassaysbased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic     assaysbased on the principle of antigenantibody immunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine:1000ng/mLSecobarbital:300ng/mLBuprenorphine:10ng/mLOxazepam:300ng/mLCocaine:300 ng/mLMethylenedioxymethamphetamine:500 ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000ng/mLMorphine:300ng/mLMethadone:300ng/mLOxycodone:100ng/mLPhencyclidine:25ng/mLMarijuana:50 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine:1000ng/mLBarbiturates:300ng/mLBuprenorphine:10ng/mLBenzodiazepines:300ng/mLCocaine:300 ng/mLEDDP:300ng/mLMethylenedioxymethamphetamine:500 ng/mLMethamphetamine:1000ng/mLMorphine:300ng/mLMorphine:2000ng/mLMethadone:300ng/mLOxycodone:100ng/mLPhencyclidine:25ng/mLPropoxyphene:300 ng/mLTri-cyclic Antidepressants:1000 ng/mLMarijuana:50 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipcard and Cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dipcard and Cup</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr></table>

Remark:

The subject devices have all features of the predicate device except the number of drugs detected. These differences do not affect the performance characteristics of the subject devices.

10. performance Data

10. 1 Comparison Study

Different operators to test the same sample, the results are consistent. The Multi-drug Urine Test Cup/ Test

Dip Card has good comparison. The Summarize/results are as follows:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cup</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Card</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.3%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">97.5%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">96.7%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.8%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among positives:</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">99.2%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% agreement among negatives :</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualified</td></tr></table>

# 10.2 Cross Reactivity

Cross reactivity study is complemented, the result showed when there are substances of the corresponding concentration in the urine, the Test Cup and Test Dip Card may produce false positive results.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">concentration(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Amphetamine (AmphetamineSulfate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)-4-Hydroxyamphetamine HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">700</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aprobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine -3-D-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide HCL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">750</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate Dipotassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1260</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">RS-Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2,500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecogonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">CocaineHCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L(-)-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-methylenedioxyampheta mine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Morphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7500</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 3-b-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Methadone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)2-Ethy1-1,5-dimethy1-3,3-diphenylpyrrolinium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 3- β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Marijuana</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-∆9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-Δ8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100,000</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ8- Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td></tr></table>

# 10.3 Interference

Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free urine sample and samples with target drugs of $\pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff level.The substances in the table up did not affect the Test Dip Card/Test Cup at concentrations of 100ug/ml.All samples with a concentration of $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff and drug free test results are negative, and all samples with a concentration $0 f + 2 5 \%$ cutoff test results are positive.

10.4 Interference of Different pH The results are all positive for samples at $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff and all negative for samples at $-50 \%$ cutoff. The results show that when the pH of samples are in the range of 4-9, there is no effect on the test results.

10.5 Interference of Specific Gravity The results all positive for samples at $+50 \%$ cutoff and all negative for samples at $-50 \%$ cutoff. The results show that when the gravity is in the range of 1.000-1.035, there is no effect on the test results.

10.6 Cut-off The cut-off value is

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

# 10.7 Precision

As the results ,all the results of drug free,- $7 5 \% C$ ut off,- $50 \%$ ut off are negative, and all the results of $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff, $+ 7 5 \% ($ ut off, $+ 5 0 \% C$ ut off are positive, and cutoff coincidence rate of the test results is $7 9 \% ( > 5 5 \% ) , \pm 2 5 \%$ cutoff coincidence rate of the test results is $8 8 \% ( > 8 4 \% )$ ,so the Precision of kit is qualified.

Amphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr></table>

# 10.8 Lay User Study

A lay user study were performed at three intended user sites with 603 laypersons(303 laypersons for Test Cup and 300 laypersons for Test Dip Card).They should have diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to 50. Urine samples are prepared at the following concentrations; negative, $+ / -$ $7 5 \%$ , $+ / { - 5 0 \% }$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cut off by spiking drug(s) into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. They will be asked to fill out an English questionnaire after finishing the test.

# The results of the lay user method comparison (Test Cup)

Secobarbital   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage agreement(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr></table>

Buprenorphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71. 5804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147.7771</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226. 3641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364. 0221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419. 027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>515.8795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Oxazepam   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage agreement(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. 4489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4. 731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.7585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14. 2329</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16.8724</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Cocaine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentage agreement(%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70. 446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.3073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220. 6369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389. 9653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461.6992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502.0942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Methylenedioxymethamphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70. 446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151. 3073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220. 6369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389. 9653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461.6992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502.0942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Methamphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114. 1879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257.9109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359.2816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>613.3061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>692. 4385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>918.3664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257.2811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519.5908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780. 8035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1127.6588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1435.7586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1795. 7356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Morphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74.9251</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>148. 7061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>210.2795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>354. 7366</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>420. 8013</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>476. 5929</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Methadone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76. 2488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.0163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206. 975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356.5922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454. 0655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519.0941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Oxycodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45.9304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Phencyclidine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70. 8923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.2278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144. 5957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174. 6656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Marijuana   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.6551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11.8659</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19. 3029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29. 5142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38. 0936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.2136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12. 9481</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23. 5849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>161</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36. 2969</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59.5132</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74. 5304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>90.3451</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

# The results of the lay user method comparison (Test Dip Card)

Amphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>253. 8674</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>508. 5452</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>736. 2487</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1197. 5758</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1501. 0527</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1678. 9382</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Secobarbital   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>71. 5804</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>147.7771</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>226. 3641</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>364. 0221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>419.027</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>515.8795</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Buprenorphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2. 4489</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.731</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7.2609</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11. 7585</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>95.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14. 2329</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16. 8724</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Oxazepam   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">70. 446</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151.3073</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">220. 6369</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td>+25%Cut off</td><td>389.9653</td><td>20</td><td>0</td><td>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td>+50%Cut off</td><td>461.6992</td><td></td><td></td><td>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td>+75%Cut off</td><td></td><td>41</td><td>0</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td>502. 0942</td><td>20</td><td>0</td><td>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Cocaine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70.446</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>151.3073</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>220. 6369</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>389. 9653</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>461. 6992</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>502. 0942</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

Methylenedioxymethamphetamine

Methamphetamine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>114. 1879</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257.9109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>359. 2816</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>613. 3061</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>692. 4385</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>918.3664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Morphine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>257.2811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519.5908</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>780. 8035</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1127.6588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1435. 7586</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1795.7356</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74.9251</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">148. 7061</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">210.2795</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">354. 7366</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">420. 8013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">476. 5929</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Methadone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>76.2488</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>157.0163</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>206.975</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>356. 5922</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>454. 0655</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>519.0941</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Oxycodone   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22.5121</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45. 9304</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70. 8923</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>131.2278</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>144. 5957</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>174. 6656</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Phencyclidine   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>% of Cutoff</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Lay person results</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. ofPositive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.00</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5. 6551</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11. 8659</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>160</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19. 3029</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29. 5142</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38. 0936</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.0%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>41.2136</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100. 0%</td></tr></table>

Marijuana   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Concentration byLC/MS (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">The percentageagreement (%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. of Negative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12. 9481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23. 5849</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">160</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">36.2969</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">59. 5132</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">74. 5304</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">41</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%Cut off</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90. 3451</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100. 0%</td></tr></table>

“Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.”

# 11. Conclusion

The data collected in the performance and comparison studies demonstrate that subject devices are substantially equivalent to the predicate.