Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.   
$\%$ Ethan Liu   
RA specialist   
Shanghai Thinkwell Consulting Co., Ltd Xinling Rd., 211/6F   
Shanghai, Shanghai 201100   
China

Re: K232597

Trade/Device Name: LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test $\operatorname { K i t } ( \operatorname { C u p } )$ , LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test   
Kit(Cassette), LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Dipcard)   
Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650   
Regulation Name: Opiate test system   
Regulatory Class: Class II   
Product Code: DJG, DIO, DKZ, LDJ, DJC, LCM   
Dated: November 27, 2023   
Received: December 1, 2023

Dear Ethan Liu:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K232597

Device Name   
LYHER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup), LYHER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cassette), LYHER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test   
Kit(Dipcard)   
Indications for Use (Describe)   
The LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cup), LYHER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Urine Multi- Drug Test Kit (Cassette), and LYHER $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Urine   
urTet  rtoy  he alive  
Methamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and THC-COOH in human urine. The test cut-off   
concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:   
Test   
Amphetamine (AMP)   
Cocaine (COC)   
Marijuana (THC)   
Methamphetamine (MET)   
Opiates(OPI)   
Phencyclidine (PCP)   
Calibrator   
d-Amphetamine   
Benzoylecgonine   
11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH   
d-Methamphetamine   
Morphine   
Phencyclidine

Cut-off (ng/mL)   
1000   
300   
50   
1000   
2000   
25

T T oe alternative chemical method should be used in order to obtain a confirmed presumptive positive result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) and their tandem mass-spectrometer versions are the preferre confirmatory methods.Careful consideration and judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse screen test result, particularly when evaluating preliminary positive results.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Turenotioatinatveo time to reviw instructions, search existig data sources,gather and maintainhe dataneeded and cplee and review the colection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or anyother aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

510(k) Summary   
510(k) Number: K232597

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

# 5.1 Submitter

<table><tr><td>Submitted by:</td><td>Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd. Address: Room 401-406, F1-3, Building 1, No.425 Miaohouwang Road, Xixing Street, Binjiang District, Hangzhou, 310051 Zhejiang P.R. China Tel.: +86 571 8765 3090 Fax: +86 571 8665 8000 www.lyher.com</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Ethan Liu Shanghai Thinkwell Consulting Co., Ltd Address:Xinling Rd., 211/6F Shanghai, 201100,P.R. China Phone:0086-15216699240</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared:</td><td>Email:xtdeepwater@126.com Dec 29, 2023</td></tr></table>

# 5.2 Device

$\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup) $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cassette) $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Dipcard)

Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates(OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650/Opiate test system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3250/Cocaine       andcocaine  metabolite  testsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100/Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870/Cannabinoid testsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine(MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610/Methamphetaminetest system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unclassified</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

# 5.3 Predicate Device:

ATTEST Drug Screen Cup, ATTEST Drug Screen Dip Card, K182123

# 5.4 Device Description

The $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup), LYHER® Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cassette), LYHER® Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Dipcard) are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of d-Amphetamine, d-Methamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and THC-COOH in human urine. The $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \circledast }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cup) device consists of 25 or 40 cup devices and a package insert. The $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit (Dipcard) device consists of 10/15/20/25 Dip Card devices, a package insert. The LYHER® Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cassette) device consists of 10/15/20/25 cassette devices, 10/15/20/25 droppers, a package insert.

# 5.5 Indication for Use:

The $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup), $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cassette), LYHER® Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Dipcard) are rapid lateral flow immunoassays for the qualitative detection of d-Amphetamine, d-Methamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and THCCOOH in human urine. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates(OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

The single or multi-test panels can consist of the above listed analytes in any combination, up to a maximum of 6 analytes. The drug screen tests are intended for prescription use only. The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternative chemical method should be used in order to obtain a confirmed presumptive positive result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) and their tandem massspectrometer versions are the preferred confirmatory methods. Careful consideration and judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse screen test result, particularly when evaluating preliminary positive results.

# 5.8 Substantial Equivalence

A summary comparison of features of the LYHER® Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup/Cassette/Dipcard) and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

# Section 5 510(k) Summary

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Device-K182123</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indicationsfor Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination of drugs ofabuse and/or their metabolites in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lateral flow immunochromatographic assaybased on competitive binding</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SpecimenType</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr></table>

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=27 colspan=1>Cut-off Values</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>E</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-offng/mL</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoffng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates(OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td></td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>6-monoacetyl-morphine</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Amphetamine500</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>d-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9{-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>50</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Amphetamine1000</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>d-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Methamphetamine(MET)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>d-Methamphet-amine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1000</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Barbiturates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=5 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>25</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=4>b</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3-3-diphenyl-pyrrolidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecstasy</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/l-methylenedioxy-meth-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphet-amine 500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphet-amine 1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d/l-methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-propoxyphene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tricyclics</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1,000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>For prescription uses.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configura-tions</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Cup,Dip Card, Cassette</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=5>Cup, Dip Card</td></tr></table>

# 5.9 Test Principle

Each device employs lateral flow immunochromatographic technology and is based on the principle of competitive binding. The product contains membrane strips coated with drug-protein conjugates on the T zone, goat anti-rabbit polycolonal antibody at the C zone, and a conjugate pad which 5-4

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

contains colloidal gold particles coated with mouse monoclonal antibodies specific against to the corresponding drugs and colloidal gold particles coated with rabbit IgG.

If the level of drug in the urine specimen is below the cutoff concentration, the T line appears as a visible burgundy line. If the level of drug in the urine specimen is above the cutoff, no T line develops.The control line (C line) serves as an internal quality control. The control line should always appear as a burgundy-colored band regardless of the presence of the drug, if enough sample volume has been added to the test and if the sample has correctly migrated up the test strip.

Testing is based on the principle of a competitive immunochemical reaction between a chemically labeled drug (drug-protein conjugate) and the drug or drug metabolites which may be present in the urine sample competing for the limited antibody binding sites.

# 5.10 Performance Characteristics

5.10.1 Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, - $50 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. Each concentration has three lots, and 6 operators have joined the performance. Each specimen was analyzed in 50 replicates by each of the testing personnel at each Lab site by using three lots of the product separately.

The test results of the specimens at the concentrations at and below $- 2 5 \%$ of the cut off obtained by all the three personnel were all negative while the test results of the specimens at the concentration at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ of the cut off value were all positive.

b. Linearity Not applicable   
c. Stability   
The devices are stable at $2 { \cdot } 3 0 ~ ^ { \circ } C$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study.

d. Cut-off

Dilute the solution by negative urine to the concentration of $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, - $25 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off respectively. To test all these above specimens by three different batches of the candidate product and each concentration will be tested for 25 replicates.

The following cut-off values for the candidate devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates(OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

# Section 5 510(k) Summary

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-∆9-THC-9-COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine(MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr></table>

# e. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drugs urine with concentrations at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g } / \mathsf { m L }$ are summarized in the following tables. There were no differences observed for different devices

Amphetamine:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td>Ephedrine</td><td>Pantoprazole</td><td></td></tr></table>

Cocaine(COC)   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

MET   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td>Creatine</td><td>Methadone</td><td>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td>Methylephedrine</td><td>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td>Dextromethorphan</td><td>Naproxen</td><td>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td></tr><tr><td>Dimenhydrinate</td><td>Niacinamide</td><td>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td>Nicotine</td><td>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td>Diphenhydramine</td><td>Norephedrine</td><td>Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td>Dopamine</td><td>Oxalic acid</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>EDDP</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Ephedrine</td><td>Pantoprazole</td><td></td></tr></table>

OPI   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

PCP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Δ9-tetrahydrocannabinol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Substance</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pheniramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenothiazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gabapentin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Guaiacol glyceryl ether</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sodium chloride</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloroquine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>I-Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine(PCP)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimenhydrinate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dimethylaminoantipyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylamphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dopamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MDMA</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pantoprazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

# f. Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below. There were no differences observed for different devices.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D,L-Amphetamine sulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Phenylethylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>66.7%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tryptamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COCAINE (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methylester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.6%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MARIJUANA (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-8-THC-9 COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>167%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-9 -THC-9 COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8 -THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-11-Hydroxy-Δ9-THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>METHAMPHETAMINE (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Mephentermine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Compound</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>%Cross Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(1R, 2S)-(-)-Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-nethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPIATES (OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>133%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethylmorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levophanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-MonoacetyImorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine 3-β-D-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thebaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetylmorphine (6-AM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diacetylmorphine (heroin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-hydroxy-PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.2%</td></tr></table>

# g. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine pH, urine samples, with 1.003 to 1.032 specific gravity or urine samples with pH 3 to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above Cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of each device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 2 5 \%$ Cut-off and all negative for samples at and below $- 2 5 \%$ Cut-Off. There were no differences observed for different devices.

# 5.10.2 Method comparison

Method comparison studies for the $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test were performed in-house with three laboratory assistants for each device. Operators ran samples unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to GC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below:

5-11

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMPCassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of AMP Cassettes

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMPDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of AMP Dipcards   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300517</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1008</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td></tr></table>

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

Discordant Results of AMP Cups

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300501</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>994</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

COC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COCCassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%  cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of COC Cassettes

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COCDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of COC Dipcards

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>42</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of COC Cups

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300680</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>298</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300684</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

MET   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>METCassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of MET Cassettes

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300331</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>932</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>METDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of MET Dipcards

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>43</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of MET Cups   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300374</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>561</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>77</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300393</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1007</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

OPI

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPICassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of OPI Cassettes

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPIDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of OPI Dipcards

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of OPI Cups

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2006</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1978</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr></table>

PCP   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCPCassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

Discordant Results of PCP Cassettes   

<table><tr><td>Operator</td><td>SN.</td><td>Specimen No.</td><td>LC/MS results</td><td>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td>Operator 1</td><td>25</td><td>202300810</td><td>23.0</td><td>Positive</td></tr><tr><td>Operator 2</td><td>37</td><td>202300822</td><td>25.2</td><td>Negative</td></tr><tr><td>Operator 3</td><td>37</td><td>202300822</td><td>25.2</td><td>Negative</td></tr><tr><td>Operator 1</td><td>100</td><td>202301750</td><td>25.2</td><td>Negative</td></tr><tr><td>Operator 3</td><td>100</td><td>202301750</td><td>25.2</td><td>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCPDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results of PCP Dipcards   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300810</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23.0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>37</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202300822</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>34</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of PCP Cups

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301750</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25.2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

THC   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THCCassettes</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

# Section 5 510(k) Summary

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

Discordant Results of THC Cassettes   

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THCDipcards</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>22</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of THC Dipcards

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>75</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301099</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC Cups</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeurine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff~cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff~+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>24</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

# LYHER

# Section 5 510(k) Summary

Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.

<table><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>44</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>17</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>23</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td></tr></table>

# Discordant Results of THC Cups

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SN.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen No.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS results</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Results of Lyher kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>36</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301060</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>52.3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301069</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49.6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>92</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>202301651</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51.1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

# 5.11 Conclusion

In accordance with the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, 21 CFR Part 807, Based on the information provided in this premarket notification, Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd has demonstrated that proposed device $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cup), $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine MultiDrug Test Kit(Cassette), $\mathsf { L Y H E R } ^ { \otimes }$ Urine Multi-Drug Test Kit(Dipcard) are substantially equivalent to ATTEST Drug Screen Cup, ATTEST Drug Screen Dip Card, K182123.