VivaChek Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd   
$\%$ Joe Shia   
Director   
LSI International Inc   
504 E Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K240124 Trade/Device Name: BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit; BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJG, KHO Dated: May 10, 2024 Received: May 10, 2024

Dear Joe Shia:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Sincerely,   
Joseph A. Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S   
Kotarek -S Date: 2024.06.14   
Joseph Kotarek   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240124

Device Name BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader

Indications for Use (Describe)   
BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit is a fluorescence immunoassay (FIA) for the qualitative determination of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use with BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader.

It is for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for prescription use.

The tests provide only preliminary results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mas Spectrometry (LC/MS-MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader is a portable fluorescence instrument for in vitro diagnostic use only. The Reader is designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on urine specimens. This Reader can be used in a laboratory or in a point-ofcare setting.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

K240124

1. Date:

June 12, 2024

2. Submitter:

VivaChek Biotech (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. Level 2, Block 2, 146 East Chaofeng Rd. Yuhang Economy Development Zone Hangzhou 311100 Zhejiang P.R. China

3. Contact person:

Joe Shia LSI International Inc. 504E Diamond Ave., Suite I Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: shiajl@yahoo.com

4. Device Names:

BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader

Classification: Class 2   

<table><tr><td>Product Code</td><td>Classification</td><td>Regulation Section</td><td>Panel</td></tr><tr><td>DJG</td><td>II</td><td>21 CFR § 862.3650 Opiate Test System</td><td>Toxicology (91)</td></tr><tr><td>KHO</td><td>I</td><td>21 CFR § 862.2560 Fluorometer for clinical use</td><td>Clinical Chemistry</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

Superbio Fentanyl Urine Detection Kit, K220046; Superbio Immunofluorescence Analyzer EASY-11, K220046

6. Indications for Use

BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit is a fluorescence immunoassay (FIA) for the qualitative determination of fentanyl in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $1 . 0 ~ \mathrm { \ n g / m L }$ . The assay is intended for use with BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader.

It is for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for prescription use.

The tests provide only preliminary results. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS-MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be exercised with any drug test result, particularly when the preliminary test result is positive.

BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader is a portable fluorescence instrument for in vitro diagnostic use only. The Reader is designed to perform in vitro diagnostic tests on urine specimens. This Reader can be used in a laboratory or in a point-of-care setting.

# 7. Device Description

This test uses a lateral flow design with location-dependent lines and zones. BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader scans the test strip and displays results. The sample is added to the sample well of the test card, and the sample is drawn by capillary action into and through the fluorescent labeled pad, through the nitrocellulose strip and into the adsorption pad. Within the fluorescent labeled pad, the specimen comes into contact with antibodies conjugated with fluorescent microspheres. During this interaction, if the amount of fentanyl antigen in the sample is greater than or equal to the cutoff value, the antigen in the sample and the fluorescence-labeled antibody bind to the FTY antigenantibody complex when the sample passes through a pad of fluorescence-microbead-labeled antibody conjugate. As the sample flows and reaches the FTY antigen coated by the T-line of nitrocellulose membrane, the FTY antigen coated by the T-line and the antigen in the sample competitively bind the FTY antibody labeled with fluorescence, then the T-line captures fluorescence signal is weaker than the cutoff fluorescence signal. When the samples do not contain fentanyl antigen or levels below the cutoff value, as the sample flow, fluorescent microsphere labeled antibody to nitrocellulose membrane T line captures fluorescent signal is stronger than the cutoff fluorescence signal. Whether or not FTY antigen was present in the sample, the rabbit $\mathrm { I g G }$ fluorescent microsphere conjugate not bound to the test line continued to flow with the rest of the sample and soon encountered a control line composed of goatanti-rabbit IgG. The position of C-line will accumulate fluorescence signal. The C-line control area was scanned to confirm that adequate sample flow had occurred. High resolution, narrow band SMD LED was used as light source in the Immunofluorescence Analyzer. The central wavelength of the excitation spectrum is $3 6 5 \mathrm { n m }$ . The central response wavelength is $6 1 0 \mathrm { n m }$ .

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit and the predicate devices is provided in following table.

Table 1: Features Comparison of BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit and the Predicate Devices   
Table 2: Instrument Similarities and Differences   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Item</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate - K220046</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indication(s)for Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For the qualitative determination offentanyl in human urine.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl (FTY)1 ng/ml</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Type of Test</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Qualitative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen Type</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">For prescription use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Configurations</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card (chip on the back)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Card (no back chip)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Platform Required</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence Analyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2-30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use/ Indication forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Immunofluorescence analyzerdesigned to perform in vitrodiagnostic tests on clinicalspecimens including drug urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principles of AssayOperation</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Competitive immunofluorescenceimmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Calibration Check</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Quality control test device is suppliedwith the Reader and used for check theReader optics and calculation systems.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A Quality control card issupplied with Easy-11 andused for check Easy-11 opticsand calculation. systems.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Development Modes</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two basic assay development modes:Standard test: In standard test, the userinsert the Reader immediately afteradding the sample, and the Reader willdisplay the test result when thecountdown is finishedQuick test: In the quick test, the userneed insert the Reader after the reactiontime is completed, and the Reader willdisplay the test result in a few seconds.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Two basic assay developmentmodes:Standard test: In standard test,the user immediately insertsTest Cassette into Easy-11 andclick "start test". Easy-11automatically counts the time.Quick test: Manually timing,then insert the test card intoEasy-11, and click "Start Test".The instrument will read theresults.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">User interface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.54 inch LCD Screen display</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8 inch Color LCD touchscreendisplay</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barcode scanner (sample)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Not equipped with a barcode scanner</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Assay/instrumentinterface</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drawer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Light Source</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LED Light</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Same</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Power Supply</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Powered by a 3.7V lithium-ion batteryTwo charging methods:1.Type C &amp; USB 2 in 1 cable (computercharging)2.Type C &amp; USB 2 in 1 cable with the ACadapter (wall charging)Input: 100-240V~, 50/60Hz, 0.2A Max;Output: 5.0V=, 1.0A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">AC100-240V</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimensions</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12.45 cm x 7.25 cm x 4 cm</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28 cm x 28 cm x 16 cm</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Weight</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~0.36 lbs</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">~4.5 lbs</td></tr></table>

# 9. Test Principle

BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit uses the principle of competitive and fluorescence immunochromatography assay. The nitrocellulose membrane test area (T) of the test strip is correspondingly coated with fentanyl-bovine serum albumin conjugate, and the quality control area (C) is coated with goat anti-rabbit lgG polyclonal antibody. Both Fentanyl monoclonal antibody and rabbit lgG polyclonal antibody labeled with fluorescent microspheres are embedded on the conjugate pad. The labeled antibody will flow forward with the sample, when the urine sample is applied to the sample well of the test device. When the concentration of fentanyl in the sample is higher than or equal to the cut-off of the product, it will compete with the corresponding conjugate coated on the test area (T) to bind to the fluorescently labeled monoclonal antibody, the fluorescence signal rendering of the test line is inhibited and the result is positive; while when the sample does not contain fentanyl or its concentration is lower than the cut-off of the product, the corresponding conjugate on the test line reacts with sufficient fluorescently-labeled monoclonal antibodies, the test line will have fluorescence signal and the result is negative. The quality control area (C) will develop fluorescence signal, which is the criteria for judging whether the test process is normal or not. Signal intensity of fluorescence is detected by BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking fentanyl in negative samples. Each fentanyl concentration was confirmed by LC/MS-MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed six runs per day for 10 days per device lot in a randomized order. Each device was read on one BioSieve™ ToxiSmart FIA Reader. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>28-/32+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>29-/31+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

# c. Stability

The devices are stable at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the accelerated stability study at $4 5 \mathrm { { ^ \circ C } }$ . The real time stability study is ongoing.

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drug fentanyl urine with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ or specified concentrations are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (25 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetone (1000 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetophenetidin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Erythromycin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albumin (100 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ethanol (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxalic acid (100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Albuterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fenoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aminopyrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluphenazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline (35 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Galactose (10 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amoxicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gamma Globulin (500 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ampicillin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Gentisic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Glucose (3000 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ascorbic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hemoglobin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Aspartame</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydralazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzilic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (50 μg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydroxytyramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bilirubin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine (30 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Boric Acid (1%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoproterenol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Bupropion (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isoxsuprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Riboflavin (7.5 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketoprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloral hydrate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chloramphenicol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Loperamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Maprotiline (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cholesterol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meprobamate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methapyrilene (10 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methaqualone (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxyphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Creatinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole (300 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine (10 µg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NaCl (4000 mg/dL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desipramine (50 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalidixic acid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Urea (2000 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diclofenac</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic acid (250 µg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diflunisal</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Niacinamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine (10 μg/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-Tryptophan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nifedipine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>β-Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-Tyrosine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norethindrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">83.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ocfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.67</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.6</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">62.50</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furanyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.75</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">57.14</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valeryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.71</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluorobutyrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.33</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-3-cis-methylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">625</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Despropionyl fentanyl(4-ANPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.00</td></tr></table>

The following other Metabolites and opioids compounds were tested at a concentration of $1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Negative results were obtained for all these compounds. There is no cross-reactivity for these compounds using the BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remifentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl norfentanyl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcarfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normeperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine (Talwin)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipamperone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tilidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-O- Desmethyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-N-Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td>Trazodone</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with target fentanyl at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. by three different operators per lot of device, with a total of three lots. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ CutOff and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Off.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the BioSieve™ Fentanyl FIA Test Kit. were performed at three different testing sites. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC-MS/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC-MS/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Site3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample Number</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS/MSResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>BioSieveResults</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC021</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.849</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC075</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.875</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC030</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.892</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC059</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.985</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC057</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.063</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC036</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.104</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC010</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.934</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC048</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Site 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>VCFC070</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.129</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Not applicable.

11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, and method comparison studies of the devices, it’s concluded a substantial equivalence decision.