Microgenics Corporation   
Amrit Takhar   
Regulatory Affairs Specialist III   
46500 Kato Road   
Fremont, California 94538   
Re: K240670 Trade/Device Name: DRITM Ecstasy Plus Assay Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DKZ Dated: October 4, 2024 Received: October 4, 2024   
Dear Amrit Takhar:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Sincerely, Digitally signed by Joseph A.   
Joseph A. Kotarek -S Kotarek -S Date: 2024.10.30 09:41:12 -04'00'   
Joseph Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief for Toxicology   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240670

Device Name DRI™ Ecstasy Plus Assay

Indications for Use (Describe)

The DRI™ Ecstasy Plus Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative or semiquantitative determination of ecstasy drugs in human urine. The assay provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure for detecting ecstasy drugs at a cutoff level of $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . The product is intended for use in clinical laboratories only.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510K Summary K240670

# I. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contact Details</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics Corporation Thermo FisherScientific 46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538Phone: 510-979-5000FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact Information:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amrit TakharRegulatory Affairs Specialist III,Regulatory AffairsEmail: Amrit.Takhar@thermofisher.comPhone: 510- 771-5935FAX: 510-979-5002</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRITM Ecstasy Plus Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Premarket Notification Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K012110</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Ecstasy Enzyme Immunoassay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Amphetamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td></tr></table>

II. Date Summary Prepared March 8, 2024

# III. Description of Device

DRI Ecstasy Plus Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative or semiquantitative determination of ecstasy drugs in human urine. The assay provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure for detecting ecstasy drugs at a cutoff level of 500 ng/mL.

DRI Ecstasy Plus Assay is a class assay. Ecstasy drugs represent a group of ring substituted methylenedioxy analogues of amphetamine including 3, 4 – methylenedioxyamphetamine (MDA), 3, 4 – methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) and 3, 4 – methylenedioxyethylamphetamine (MDEA). They are central nervous system (CNS) stimulants popularly abused for their psychotropic effects and are listed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as Schedule I (no accepted medical application with great abuse potential). At low dose, both MDMA and MDA produce euphoria, increased self-awareness, and an increased sense of trust. At higher doses, they are thought to be hallucinogenic. Toxic effects are similar to those of other CNS stimulants and include anxiety, depression, tachycardia, elevated blood pressure, cardiac arrhythmias, pupil dilation, and sleep disorders.

The length of time following drug use for which a positive result may occur is dependent upon several factors including the frequency and amount of drug, metabolic rate, excretion rate, drug half-life and the drug user’s age, weight, activity and diet. Within the body, MDMA is known to metabolize to MDA by N-demethylation. Urinary excretion accounts for $65 \%$ of the dose as parent drug and $7 \%$ as MDA within 3 days. Urinary MDMA concentrations following a $1 . 5 \mathrm { m g } / \mathrm { k g }$ oral dose may exceed $1 7 \mathsf { m g } / \mathsf { L }$ . Other urinary metabolites include mono- and dihydroxy-derivatives of MDMA and MDA, resulting from fission of the methylene bridge, which are eliminated as conjugates. The human metabolism of MDA has not been studied. Urine concentrations in fatal cases of up to $1 6 0 ~ \mathrm { { m g / L } }$ have been recorded and are indicative of excretion of substantial portions of unchanged drugs.

Therefore, DRI Ecstasy Plus Assay is a first-line device, which may be used by medical personnel, along with clinical observations, as an aid to diagnosis of ecstasy abuse.

IV. Intended Use

A. Indications for Use: See indications for use below.

# B. Intended Use:

The DRITM Ecstasy Plus Assay is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative or semiquantitative determination of ecstasy drugs in human urine. The assay provides a simple and rapid analytical screening procedure for detecting ecstasy drugs at a cutoff level of 500 ng/mL. The product is intended for use in clinical laboratories only.

This assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas chromatography/mass spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography with tandem mass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary positive results are used.

# V. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDRI Ecstasy EnzymeImmunoassay (K012110)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceDRI Ecstasy Plus Assay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See intended use below forindications use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See intended use below forindications use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DRI Ecstasy EnzymeImmunoassay is a homogeneousenzyme immunoassay intendedfor the qualitative orsemiquantitative determination ofecstasy drugs in human urine.The assay provides a simple andrapid analytical screeningprocedure for detecting ecstasydrugs at a Cutoff level of500ng/mL. The product isintended for use in clinicallaboratories only.This assay provides only apreliminary analytical test result.A more specific alternatechemical method must be usedin order to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gaschromatography/ massspectrometry (GC/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method.Clinical consideration andprofessional judgment should beapplied to any drug of abuse testresult, particularly whenpreliminary positive results areused.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DRITM Ecstasy Plus Assayis a homogeneous enzymeimmunoassay intended for thequalitative or semiquantitativedetermination of ecstasy drugs inhuman urine. The assay providesa simple and rapid analyticalscreening procedure fordetecting ecstasy drugs at acutoff level of 500 ng/mL. Theproduct is intended for use inclinical laboratories only.This assay provides only apreliminary analytical test result.A more specific alternativechemical method must be usedin order to obtain a confirmedanalytical result. Gaschromatography/massspectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquidchromatography with tandemmass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS)is the preferred confirmatorymethod. Clinical considerationand professional judgmentshould be applied to any drug ofabuse test result, particularlywhen preliminary positive resultsare used.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identicalwithexpectationto additionalconfirmatorymethodoptionadded. Thisdoes notimpact theintendeduse ofdevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DKZ</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationand Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3100Amphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3100Amphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecstasy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecstasy</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MeasuredAnalyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamineMDA)3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous EnzymeImmunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody/Substrate Reagent(R1) contains mouse monoclonalanti-MDMA antibody, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P), andnicotinamide adeninedinucleotide (NAD) in Tris bufferwith sodium azide as apreservative.Enzyme Conjugate Reagent(R2) contains MDMA labeledwith glucose-6-phosphatedehydrogenase (G6PDH) in Trisbuffer with sodium azide as apreservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody/Substrate Reagent(R1) contains mousemonoclonal anti-MDMAantibody, glucose-6-phosphate(G6P), and nicotinamideadenine dinucleotide (NAD) inTris buffer with sodium azide asa preservative.Enzyme Conjugate Reagent(R2) contains MDMA labeledwith glucose-6-phosphatedehydrogenase (G6PDH) inTris buffer with sodium azide asa preservative.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are sold in two sizes,100 mL and 500 mL kits.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagents are sold in one size,500 mL kit.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse Monoclonal Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mouse Monoclonal Antibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrincipalOperator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hitachi 717</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Abbott Architect C4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Package Insert</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Header and FooterAdditional MaterialPrecautious and WarningSpecimen Collection andPreparationReference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Header and FooterAdditional MaterialPrecautious and WarningSpecimen Collection andPreparationReference</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit LabelingComponent Labeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit LabelingComponent Labeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PerformanceCharacteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecisionAccuracySpecificity (structurally relatedSensitivity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PrecisionAccuracySpecificity (structurally related)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different</td></tr></table>

# VI. Summary of Performance Testing

A. Precision: In Qualitative, assay within run is $\leq 2 \%$ CV and total run precision is $\leq 5 . 0 \%$ CV. In Semi-Quantitative, assay within run is $\leq 5 \%$ CV and total run precision is $\leq 7 . 5 \%$ CV

# B. Method Comparison:

Negative sample agreement is $100 \%$ in both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative modes. Positive sample agreement is $100 \%$ in both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative modes. Overall sample agreement is $100 \%$ for DRI Ecstasy Plus assay in both Qualitative and Semi-Quantitative mode.

# C. Specificity:

Structurally related compounds that produced a positive result above the cut-off calibrator were reported at lowest concentrations.   
Structurally related compounds that produced a negative result below the cut-off calibrator were reported at the highest concentrations.   
Structurally unrelated compounds shall produce a negative result below the 500 ng/mL MDMA sample in both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes at the concentrations tested.

In both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes, assay produced a negative result below the 500 ng/mL MDMA cutoff when structurally unrelated compounds were spiked into negative pool urine at the tested concentrations.

# Interference

In Qualitative mode, the rates of the low control samples spiked with interfering substances and pH adjusted were negative, and the rates of the high control samples spiked with interference substances and pH adjusted were positive.

In Qualitative mode, the rates of the low control level samples were negative, and the rates of the high control level samples were positive.

In Semi-quantitative mode, the recovery of the low control level sample spiked with interfering substances and pH adjusted were within $8 0 - 1 2 0 \%$ of the nominal value of 375 ng/mL, and recovery of the high control level sample spiked with interfering substances and pH adjusted were within $8 0 - 1 2 0 \%$ of the nominal value of $6 2 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ng/mL.

# D. Stability:

The results from the open-vial condition (in-use) demonstrated that three lots of DRI Ecstasy Plus Reagent Kit, $5 0 0 ~ \mathrm { m L }$ kit met the acceptance criteria. The results demonstrate that the product is stable over the shelf life once opened and stored tightly

capped at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } } \mathsf { C }$ . These results support the claim that the DRI Ecstasy Plus Reagent Kit, 500mL kits are stable for 36 months when stored unopened at ${ 2 / 8 ^ { \circ } \mathsf { C } }$ .

# VII. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between the candidate device DRI Ecstasy Plus and the predicate device DRI Ecstasy Enzyme Immunoassay (K012110).