Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd.   
$\%$ Ethan Liu   
RA Specialist   
Shanghai Thinkwell Consulting Co., Ltd. Xinling Rd., 211/6F   
Shanghai, 201100   
China

Re: K240287 Trade/Device Name: LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube) Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3610 Regulation Name: Methamphetamine Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: DJC, DIO, DJG, DKZ, LCM, LDJ Dated: January 24, 2025 Received: February 6, 2025

Dear Ethan Liu:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

# Marianela Perez-torres -S

Marianela Perez-Torres, Ph.D.   
Director   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K240287

Device Name LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube)

<table><tr><td colspan="3">Indications for Use (Describe)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">The LYHER Oral fluid MultiDrug Test Kit ube is a rapid lateral flowmuoassay or the qalitativeti d-Amphetamine, d-Methamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabi</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">humaoral fuidThe test cu-oconcntrations and the compounds the tests arecalibrated toare s ow:</td></tr><tr><td>Test</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>Morphine</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Opiates(OPI)</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine (COC)</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>20</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana (THC)</td><td>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td>40</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine (MET) Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td>d-Methamphetamine Phencyclidine</td><td>50 10</td></tr></table>

The single or multi-test panels can consist of the above listed analytes in anycombination, up to a maximum of 6 analytes. The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography / Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) and their tandem mass-spectrometer versions are the preferred confirmatory methods. Careful consideration and judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse screen test result, particularly when evaluating preliminary positive results.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary K240287

This summary of 510(k) safety and effectiveness information is being submitted in accordance with requirements of 21 CFR Part 807.92.

# 1. Submitter

<table><tr><td>Submitted by:</td><td>Hangzhou Laihe Biotech Co., Ltd. Address: Room 401-406, F1-3, Building 1, No.425 Miaohouwang Road, Xixing Street, Binjiang District, Hangzhou, 310051 Zhejiang P.R. China Tel.: +86 571 8765 3090 Fax: +86 571 8665 8000 www.lyher.com</td></tr><tr><td>Contact Person:</td><td>Ethan Liu Shanghai Thinkwell Consulting Co., Ltd Address:Xinling Rd., 211/6F Shanghai, 201100,P.R. China Phone:0086-15216699240</td></tr><tr><td>Date Prepared:</td><td>Email:xtdeepwater@126.com March 6, 2025</td></tr></table>

# 2. Device

LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube)

Classification:   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>CFR #</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3610/Methamphetaminetest system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DIO</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3250/Cocaine        testsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DJG</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3650/Opiate test system.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DKZ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3100/Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LCM</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Unclassified</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LDJ</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>862.3870/Cannabinoid testsystem.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 3. Predicate Device:

OralTox™ Oral Fluid Drug Test, K171403

# 4. Device Description

The LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube) is an immunochromatographic assay that uses a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of d-Amphetamine, dMethamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and Delta-9- Tetrahydrocannabinol in human oral fluid. The LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube) device consists of a cube device, an oral fluid collection swab and a package insert.

# 5. Intended Use / Indications for Use:

The LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube) is a rapid lateral flow immunoassay for the qualitative detection of d-Amphetamine, d-Methamphetamine, Benzoylecgonine, Morphine, Phencyclidine and Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol in human oral fluid. The test cut-off concentrations and the compounds the tests are calibrated to are as follows:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Opiates(OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr></table>

The single or multi-test panels can consist of the above listed analytes in any combination, up to a maximum of 6 analytes.

The tests provide only a preliminary result. A more specific alternate chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical test result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS), Liquid Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (LC/MS) and their tandem mass-spectrometer versions are the preferred confirmatory methods. Careful consideration and judgment should be applied to any drugs of abuse screen test result, particularly when evaluating preliminary positive results.

# 6. Substantial Equivalence

A summary comparison of features of the LYHER $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit (Cube) and the predicate devices is provided in following tables.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Proposed Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PredicateDevice-K171403</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s) forUse</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>For the qualitative determination ofdrugs of abuse in human oral fluid.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Competitive binding, Lateral flowimmunochromatographic assay basedon principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Human oral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Cut-off Values</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=7 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>OPI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>AMP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>THC</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MET</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>PCP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>For prescription use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=6>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Cube</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cups</td></tr></table>

# 7. Test Principle

Each device employs lateral flow immunochromatographic technology and is based on the principle of competitive binding. Drugs, if present in concentrations below the cutoff level, will not saturate the binding sites of the antibody coated particles on the drug specific test strips. The goat-anti-rabbit IgG antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug-specific conjugate. If the level of drug in the oral fluid specimen is below the cutoff concentration, the T line appears as a visible burgundy line. If the level of drug in the oral fluid specimen is above the cutoff, no T line develops. The control line (C line) serves as an internal quality control. The control line should always appear as a burgundy-colored band regardless of the presence of the drug, if enough sample volume has been added to the test and if the sample has correctly migrated up the test strip.

Testing is based on the principle of a competitive immunochemical reaction between a chemically labeled drug (drug-protein conjugate) and the drug or drug metabolites which may be present in the oral fluid sample competing for the limited antibody binding sites.

8. Performance Characteristics 8.1 Analytical Performance a. Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off

Precision-Reproducibility-Cut-Off studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of - $. 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off , $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off. These samples were prepared by spiking drug in negative oral fluid samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 30 days per device lot in a randomized order. The data is summarized below.

Amphetamine   
Operator 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Cocaine   
Operator 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Methamphetamine   
Operator 1   
Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>47+/13-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

# Morphine

Operator 1   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Phencyclidine   
Operator 1   
Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>54+/6-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Marijuana (THC)   
Operator 1   
Operator 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Operator 3   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5+/55-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotDrug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>48+/12-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55+/5-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0+/60-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6+/54-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>49+/11-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>56+/4-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

The following cut-off values for the candidate devices have been verified.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40</td></tr></table>

b. Linearity Not applicable.

c. Stability

Device stability has been evaluated through accelerated and real-time studies. The devices are stable at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on the real time stability study at room temperature.

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances were added to drug-free oral fluid and target drugs oral fluid with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cut-off levels. These oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the device. Compounds that showed no interference for all the six drugs at a concentration of $1 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetaminophen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetylcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Digoxin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naproxen</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Allobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotinamide</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alprazolam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>diltiazem HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nicotine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DiphenhydramineHC1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Apomorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DL-Propranolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Omeprazole</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atenolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Atropine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methylester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Baclofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estradiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phentermine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Estrone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butabarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluconazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenytoin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Caffeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furosemide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pioglitazone HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabidiol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hexobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisolone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carbamazepine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlordiazepoxide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ibuprofen</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procainamide HCI</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cimetidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lamotrigine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Citalopram HBr</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levetiracetam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Quinine HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clobazam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lidocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>R,R(-)-Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lormetazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Salicylic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Thyroxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sertraline HCl</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clonidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metformin HCl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Simvastin</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clopidogrel bisulfate</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylphenidate HCI</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cortisol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metoprolol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cotinine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Metronidazole</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Topiramate</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Salbutamol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Montelukast sodiumsalt</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valproic Acid</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Deoxycorticosterone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Zonisamide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Y</td></tr></table>

Food items such as methanol cough drops, cough syrup, cola, mouthwash, coffee, tea, milk, sugar, chewing gum, alcohol, baking soda, salt, cranberry juice, orange juice, food coloring (red, blue, green), toothpaste, tomatoes and MSG were added in either drug-free oral fluid or oral fluid containing the target drug with concentrations of $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cutoff levels to a concentration of $5 \%$ . None of the substances showed interference. Hemoglobin showed no interference at $1 0 0 ~ \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ . Cigarette smoking showed no interference.

e. Specificity To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in oral fluid samples were tested using three batches of the device. The following are summaries.   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine (AMP)(Cut-off=50 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Positive at(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodioxolylbutanamine (BDB)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxy Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-p-Chloramphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.25%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 6.25%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimethylamylamine (DMAA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylbenzodioxolylbutanamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">para-Methoxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phendimetrazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenmetrazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mephentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.50%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>COCAINE (COC)(Cut-off=20 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Positive at(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaethylene</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>80.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.33%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.16%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcocaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>METHAMPHETAMINE (MET)(Cut-off=50 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Positiveat (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.67%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methoxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phenylephrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Procaine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylephedrine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>400</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxy-methamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.05%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>D-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.05%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>L-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.05%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3,4-methylenedioxyamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.05%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OPIATES (OPI)(Cut-off=40 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Positive at(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.67%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 6-β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.16%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">133.33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine 3-β-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80.00%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)(Cut-off=10 ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Result Positive at(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nalorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 30000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.03%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tenocyclidine (TCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1-(1-phenylcyclohexyl)morpholine(PCM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-hydroxyphencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50.00%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Prazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amitriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Brompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(+) Chlorphenamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Desmethylvenlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Chlorpromazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Clomipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclizine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclobenzaprine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dexbrompheniramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Diphenhydramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxepin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Doxylamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Imipramine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt; 0.10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Venlafaxine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative at 100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.10%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MARIJUANA (THC)(Cut-off=40 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Result Positive at(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% CrossReactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC-9 COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">333.33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ8-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-Δ9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.32%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative at 12500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt; 0.32%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-Nor-Δ9-THC-carboxy-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-∆9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.67%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-beta- 11-dihydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8-beta-hydroxy-∆9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13.33%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Exo-ThC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">80</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-11-Nor-∆9-THC-9-CarboxylicAcyl-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">266.67%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ8-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.67%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ8-THC Carboxylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">800.00%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9-THC Carboxylic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">333.33%</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Oral fluid pH

To investigate the effect of oral fluid $\mathsf { p H }$ , oral fluid samples with $\mathrm { p H } 3$ to 9 were spiked with target drugs at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above cut-off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of the device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ cut-off and all negative for samples at and below - $50 \%$ cut-off.

# g. Drug Recovery Study

Negative oral fluid samples in glass bottles were spiked with the drug to concentrations of - $- 5 0 \%$ and $+ 5 0 \%$ of the cutoff. The samples were transferred to the devices and store at room temperature, at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ and at $4 0 \%$ . Over $90 \%$ recoveries were observed for all drugs in the devices. Oral fluid samples can be stored in the device at $- 2 0 \mathrm { { } ^ { \circ } C }$ for at least 3 months. Oral fluid samples can be shipped overnight in the device for LC/MS confirmation.

# 8.2 Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the LYHER Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cube) were performed at three testing sites with three operators at each site. Operators tested the samples using the candidate device and the results were compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

# D-Amphetamine

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>74</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td></tr></table>

# Cocaine

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>69</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>83</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>186</td></tr></table>

# d-Methamphetamine

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>63</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>70</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>7</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>164</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>189</td></tr></table>

# Morphine

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>57</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>84</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>183</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>180</td></tr></table>

# Phencyclidine

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>51</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>109</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>170</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>192</td></tr></table>

Delta-9-Tetrahydrocannabinol   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Testresult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negativeoral fluid</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50% cutoff-cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut off-+50% cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;+50%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Total (alloperatorsand sites)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>360</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>93</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>96</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>8</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>172</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>195</td></tr></table>

# 8.3 Clinical Studies

Not Applicable.

# 9. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, interference, specificity, and method comparison studies of the devices, it’s concluded that the LYHER Oral fluid Multi-Drug Test Kit(Cube) is substantially equivalent to the predicate.