Qingdao HIGHTOP Biotech Co., Ltd. $\%$ Jenny Xia   
Director   
LSI International Inc   
504E Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K241969 Trade/Device Name: Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel; Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate Test System Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NGL Dated: July 3, 2024 Received: July 5, 2024

Dear Jenny Xia:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100). Sincerely,   
Joseph A.  Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S   
Kotarek -S Date: 2024.08.14 16:18:29 -04'00'   
Joseph Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) k241969

Device Name Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel

Indications for Use (Describe)   
Hightop $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel is a competitive binding, lateral flow   
immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of fentanyl and norfentanyl, the major metabolite of fentanyl in   
human urine at the cut-off concentrations listed below:

Analyte Cut-off Level Fentanyl (FYL) 1ng/mL Norfentanyl (NFYL) 5ng/mL

The test is available in a single test of FYL or NFYL or a Double panel of FYL and NFYL. It is intended for OTC use. The test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

Hightop $^ \mathrm { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel is a competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of fentanyl and norfentanyl, the major metabolite of fentanyl in human urine at the cut-off concentrations listed below:

Analyte Calibrator Cut-off level Fentanyl (FYL) Fentanyl 1ng/mL Norfentanyl (NFYL) Norfentanyl 5ng/mL

The test is available in a single test of FYL or NFYL or a Double panel of FYL and NFYL.

he test panel provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order o obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test panel is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of fentanyl. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to the test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY K241969

1. Date:

July 3, 2024

2. Submitter:

Qingdao HIGHTOP Biotech Co., Ltd. No.369 Hedong Road, Qingdao, Shandong 266112 China

3. Contact person:

Jenny Xia LSI International Inc. 504E Diamond Ave., Suite H Gaithersburg, MD 20877 Telephone: 240-505-7880 Email: jxia@lsi-consulting.org

4. Device Names:

# Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel

Classification: Class 2   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Section</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>NGL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR § 862.3650Opiate Test System</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Toxicology (91)</td></tr></table>

5. Predicate Devices:

AllTest Fentanyl Urine Test Cassette (K233417)

6. Indications for Use

Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel is a competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of fentanyl and norfentanyl, the major metabolite of fentanyl in human urine at the cut-off concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off Level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl (NFYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The test is available in a single test of FYL or NFYL or a Double panel of FYL and NFYL. It is intended for OTC use.

The test provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel is a competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assay for qualitative detection of fentanyl and norfentanyl, the major metabolite of fentanyl in human urine at the cut-off concentrations listed below:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Analyte</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl (NFYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5ng/mL</td></tr></table>

The test is available in a single test of FYL or NFYL or a Double panel of FYL and NFYL.

The test panel provides only a preliminary test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used in order to obtain a confirmed analytical result. GC/MS or LC/MS is the preferred confirmatory method.

The test panel is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of fentanyl. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to the test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

# 7. Device Description

The Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel and Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel are immunoassays intended for the qualitative detection of fentanyl and norfentanyl in human urine. Each Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ fentanyl/norfentanyl urine test device consists of a Test Panel and a package insert. Each Test Panel is sealed with sachets of desiccant in an aluminum pouch.

# 8. Substantial Equivalence Information

A summary comparison of features of the Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl Test and the predicate devices is provided in following table.

Table 1: Features Comparison of Hightop $^ { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl Urine Test and the Predicate Device   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate  K233417</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication(s)for Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For the qualitative determination offentanyl in human urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator and Cut-OffValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)1 ng/mlNorfentanyl (NFTY)5 ng/ml</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)1 ng/ml</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assays basedon the principle of antigen antibodyimmunochemistry.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Human Urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended Use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For OTC use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cassette</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Storage</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-30</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-30</td></tr></table>

9. Test Principle

The Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Home Use Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel and Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl/Norfentanyl Urine Rapid Test Panel are immunoassays based on the principle of competitive binding.

During testing, a urine specimen migrates upward by capillary action. Each target drug, if present in the urine specimen below its cutoff, will not saturate the binding sites of antibodycoated particles in the test device. The antibody-coated particles will then be captured by immobilized drug conjugate and a visible colored line will show up in the test line region. The colored line will not form in the test line region if the drug level exceeds the cutoff because it will saturate all the binding sites of anti-drug antibodies.

To serve as a procedural control, a colored line will always appear at the control line region indicating that proper volume of specimen has been added and membrane wicking has occurred.

10.Performance Characteristics

1. Analytical Performance

a. Precision

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cut off, - $7 5 \%$ cut off, $- 5 0 \%$ cut off, $- 2 5 \%$ cut off, cut off, $+ 2 5 \%$ cut off, $+ 5 0 \%$ cut off, $+ 7 5 \%$ cut off and $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cut off for each target drug. These samples were prepared by spiking fentanyl or norfentanyl in negative urine samples. Each fentanyl or norfentanyl concentration was confirmed by LC/MS. All sample aliquots were blindly labeled by the person who prepared the samples and didn’t take part in the sample testing. For each concentration, tests were performed six tests per day for 10 days per device lot in a randomized order.

Fentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40+/20-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38+/22-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>38+/22-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

Norfentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cut off</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cut off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>35+/25-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>58-/2+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>32+/28-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>59-/1+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33+/27-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>60+/0-</td></tr></table>

# c. Stability

The devices are stable at 36-86F for 24 months based on the accelerate stability study.

# d. Interference

Potential interfering substances found in human urine of physiological or pathological conditions were added to drug-free urine and target drug fentanyl urine with concentrations at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These urine samples were tested using three batches of each device. Compounds that showed no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ or specified concentrations are summarized in the following tables.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methylester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone (1000 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estradiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin (100 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phencyclidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminonitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenofibrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fotemustine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">γ-Globulin (500mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gemfibrozil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose (3000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyridoxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Baclofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Guaiacolglycerylether</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyrilamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pyrogallol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hexobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinolinic Acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzylpiperiazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">HydroxybutyricAcid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric Acid (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromo-2,5,Dimethoxyphenethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine (10μg/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sodium Azide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carisoprodol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cetirizine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lamotrigine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetracycline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone3-(β-Dglucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisinopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoromethylphenyl-piperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clofibrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methapyrilene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tryptamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methylphenidate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea (2000 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatine Hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic acid (250 µg/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-desmethylTapentadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">γ-Cyclodextrin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nacl (4000 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zolpidem</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyproheptadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7-Aminoflunitrazepam</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metformin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotinic Acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam Glucuronide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lorazepam Glucuronide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LSD</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dimethyl-aminoantipyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">THC</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-thyroxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenylhydantoin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuricacid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine (Hydroxytyramine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid(100mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

e.Specificity

To test specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to interfere in urine samples were tested using three batches of device. The lowest concentration that caused a positive result for each compound are listed below in $\mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . If no cross reactivity was observed then the highest concentration tested is listed.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl (Cutoff=1ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Minimumconcentrationrequired to obtain apositive result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Fluoro-isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9-Hydroxy Risperidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl Norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-cis-3-methylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furanyl Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isobutyryl Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MT-45</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcarfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ocfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluorobutyryl Fentanyl (PFBF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluoro Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remifentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thienyl Fentnayl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trans-d, I 3-Methylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">U-47700</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.001</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valeryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.005</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl (Cutoff=5ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Minimumconcentrationrequired to obtain apositive result</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>55.6</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.025</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>9-Hydroxy Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3.3</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>200</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-cis-3-methylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.025</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Labetalol Hydrochloride</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MT-45</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.025</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluorobutyryl Fentanyl (PFBF)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.5</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thienyl Fentnayl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trans-d, I 3-Methylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Trazodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.05</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>U-47700</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.005</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.025</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.025</td></tr></table>

The following opioids compounds were tested at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mathrm { u g / m L }$ . Negative results were obtained for all these compounds. There is no cross-reactivity for these compounds using the Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Device.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetyl morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norketamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normeperidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentazocine (Talwin)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pipamperone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tapentadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tilidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-O-Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol-N-Desmethyl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EY</td></tr></table>

# f. Effect of Urine Specific Gravity and Urine pH

To investigate the effect of urine specific gravity and urine $\mathsf { p H }$ , urine samples, with 1.000 to 1.035 specific gravity or urine samples with $\mathrm { p H } 4$ to 9 were spiked with targets fentanyl and norfentanyl at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above Cut-Off levels. These samples were tested using three lots of device. Results were all positive for samples at and above $+ 5 0 \%$ CutOffs and all negative for samples at and below $- 5 0 \%$ Cut-Offs.

# 2. Comparison Studies

Method comparison studies for the Hightop $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Fentanyl Urine Test were performed by three different operators. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered clinical samples. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC/MS results. The results are presented in the tables below.

Fentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid Test Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1, 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE086 &amp; SE156</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7880</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1, 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE052 &amp;SE169</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7912</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE031</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0078</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

Norfentanyl   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE110</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.7874</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE182</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0282</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SE240</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.0811</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC/MS(Between-50% andcutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC/MS(Between thecutoff and+50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>High Positiveby LC/MS(greater than+50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>18</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Operator3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>19</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC/MS Result (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Rapid Test Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1, 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF133 &amp; SF107</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.6743</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF016</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1608</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2, 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF201 &amp; SF219</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4.1946</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Positive</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF231</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.1303</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator 2, 3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>SF088 &amp; SF221</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5.0744</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Negative</td></tr></table>

3. Lay-user study

A lay user study was performed at three testing sites using three different lots (1 lot per test site) with 140 lay persons. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 18 to ${ > } 5 0$ years. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $- 1 0 0 \%$ , $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cut-offs by spiking drug(s) into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers, blind-labeled and randomized. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Fentanyl Concentrationby LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.24</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.47</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.72</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.21</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.81</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">% of Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Numberofsamples</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">NorfentanylConcentration by LC/MS(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Lay person results</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Thepercentage ofcorrect results(%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofPositive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">No. ofNegative</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.33</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.63</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4.06</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6.03</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">7.29</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75% Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.08</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td></tr></table>

Lay-users were also given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert instructions. All lay users indicated that the device instructions can be easily followed. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on the package insert and the score revealed a reading grade level of less than 7.

# 4. Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 11. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and acceptable performance characteristics including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison and Lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded a substantial equivalence decision.