Hangzhou Alltest Biotech Co.,Ltd $\%$ Jenny Xia, Director LSI International Inc 504E Diamond Ave., Suite H Gaithersburg, Maryland 20877

Re: K242540 Trade/Device Name: AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel; AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Pane Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3100 Regulation Name: Amphetamine test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NFT, PTH, NGL, NFV, NFY, PTG, NGG, NGM, QAW, NFW Dated: August 23, 2024 Received: August 26, 2024   
Dear Jenny Xia:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal

statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medical  
devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn   
(https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatoryassistance/contact-us-division-industry-and-consumer-education-dice) for more information or contact DICE by email (DICE@fda.hhs.gov) or phone (1-800-638-2041 or 301-796-7100).   
Sincerely,   
Joseph A.  Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S   
Kotarek -S Date: 2024.09.27 17:20:34 -04'00'   
Joseph Kotarek   
Branch Chief for Toxicology   
Division of Chemistry and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality   
Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline, Marijuana and Fentanyl in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td>Submission Number (if known)</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>K242540</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel;</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Indications for Use (Describe)</td><td></td></tr></table>

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can be a single drug test panel or used for any combination of the above listed analytes. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for OTC use.

Drug (Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine (AMP) 500 ng/mL Buprenorphine (BUP) 10 ng/mL Secobarbital (BAR) 300 ng/mL Oxazepam (BZO) 300 ng/mL Cocaine (COC) 150 ng/mL Methamphetamine (MET) 500 ng/mL Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) 500 ng/mL Morphine (MOP/OPI) 300 ng/mL Methadone (MTD) 300 ng/mL Oxycodone (OXY) 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine (PCP) 25 ng/mL Nortriptyline (TCA) 1000 ng/mL Marijuana (THC) 50 ng/mL Fentanyl(FYL) 1 ng/mL

The tests may yie posiive results or the preciption drugs when taken t r above precribe doss Is notintended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug ofabuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

Tt povieny elar esulTta  nalytil ul me chemical method must be used. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

<table><tr><td colspan="3">AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine,</td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Buprenorphine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline,</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana and Fentanyl in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:</td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Drug (Identifier)</td><td>Calibrator</td><td>Cut-off (ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td>d-Amphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td>Buprenorphine</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td>Secobarbital</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td>Oxazepam</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine (COC)</td><td>Benzoylecgonine</td><td>150</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td>d-Methamphetamine</td><td>500</td></tr><tr><td>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td>d,I-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine 500</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td>Morphine</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone (MTD)</td><td>Methadone</td><td>300</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td>Oxycodone</td><td>100</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td>Phencyclidine</td><td>25</td></tr><tr><td>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td>Nortriptyline</td><td>1000</td></tr><tr><td>Marijuana (THC)</td><td>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9 COOH</td><td>50</td></tr><tr><td>Fentanyl(FYL)</td><td>Fentanyl</td><td>1</td></tr></table>

AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel can be a single drug test panel or used for any combination of the above listed analytes. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

Tets may yil posiv esults or he preiption dru when taken t above preibedos. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription useorabuse of these drugs. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

T vny a lTta  nalyl u m e chemical method must be used. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

Teburden tohoctinoationtatevehours psnc time to reviewinstructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain thedata needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

"An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number."

# 510(k) SUMMARY K242540

1. Date：  
2. Submitter:

3. Contact person:

August 23, 2024   
Hangzhou AllTest Biotech Co., Ltd.   
Plant Bldg. 3, 4, 5, No. 550 Yinhai Street, Baiyang Street, Hangzhou ETDZ, Jianggan District   
Jenny Xia   
LSI International Inc.   
504 East Diamond Ave., Suite H   
Gaithersburg, MD 20877   
Telephone: 301-525-6856   
Email: jxia@lsi-consulting.org

# 4. Device Name:

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test PanelAllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test PanelClass II

5. Classification:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product CodeTarget Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFTAmphetamine (AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3100, Amphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTHSecobarbital (BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3150, Barbiturate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLBuprenorphine (BUP)Fentanyl (FYL)Morphine (MOP/OPI)Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFVOxazepam (BZO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3170, Benzodiazepine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFYCocaine (COC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3250, Cocaine and cocainemetabolite test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTGMethadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3620, Methadone Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGMPhencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWNortriptyline (TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3910 Tricyclic antidepressant drugstest system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td>NFW</td><td>862.3870, Cannabinoids Test System</td><td>Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

# 6. Predicate Devices:

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup (K241428)

# 7. Intended Use

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline, Marijuana and Fentanyl in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl(FYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel can be a single drug test panel or used for any combination of the above listed analytes. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only. It is intended for OTC use.

The tests may yield positive results for the prescription drugs when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

The tests provide only preliminary results. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method must be used. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel tests are competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographic assays for qualitative and simultaneous detection of Amphetamine, Buprenorphine, Secobarbital, Oxazepam, Cocaine, Methamphetamine, Methylenedioxymethamphetamine, Morphine, Methadone, Oxycodone, Phencyclidine, Nortriptyline, Marijuana and Fentanyl in human urine at the cutoff concentrations of:

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Calibrator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off(ng/mL)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzoylecgonine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine(MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d-Methamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>d,1-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Marijuana (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-nor-Δ9-THC-9 COOH</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr></table>

AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel can be a single drug test panel or used for any combination of the above listed analytes. It is for in vitro diagnostic use only.

The tests may yield positive results for the prescription drugs when taken at or above prescribed doses. It is not intended to distinguish between prescription use or abuse of these drugs.

Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result.

The tests provide only preliminary results. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method must be used. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

# 8. Device Description

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel and AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of single or multiple drugs in human urine.

The devices are a panel format. Each test device is sealed with sachets of desiccant in an aluminum pouch. The device is in a ready-to-use format and no longer requires assembly before use.

# 9. Substantial Equivalence Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candidate Device(K242540)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate(K241428)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in urine. Forprescription use or over-the-counter use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Competitive binding, lateral flow immunochromatographicassay based on antigen-antibody reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>Target Drugand Cut OffValues</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Drugs</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=15 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine(AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FYL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configuration</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test Panel</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Test Cup</td></tr></table>

# 10. Standard/Guidance Document Reference (if applicable)

None referenced.

# 11. Test Principle

AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel or AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel is a competitive immunoassay that is used to screen for the presence of various drugs and drug metabolites in urine. It is chromatographic absorbent device in which, drugs within a urine sample, competitively combined to a limited number of drug monoclonal antibody (mouse) conjugate binding sites.

When the test is activated, the urine is absorbed into each test strip by capillary action, mixes with the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate, and flows across a pre-coated membrane. When a drug within the urine sample is below the detection level of the test, respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate binds to the respective drug-protein conjugate immobilized in the Test Region (T) of the test strip. This produces a colored Test line in the Test

Region (T) of the strip, which, regardless of its intensity, indicates a negative test result.

When sample drug levels are at or above the detection level of the test, the free drug in the sample binds to the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate, preventing the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate from binding to the respective drug-protein conjugate immobilized in the Test Region (T) of the device. This prevents the development of a distinct colored band in the test region, indicating a preliminary positive result.

To serve as a procedure control, a colored line will appear at the Control Region (C) of each strip, if the test has been performed properly.

12. Performance Characteristics

A. Analytical performance

# a. Precision/Reproducibility:

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff, $+ 7 5 \%$ cutoff, $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff, $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff, cutoff, $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff, $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff, $- 7 5 \%$ cut off and $- 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff. Samples were prepared by spiking target drugs in drug-free urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC-MS/MS. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days using three lots of test panels. The results obtained are summarized in the following tables:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LotNumber</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+100%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">AMP500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21-/29+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">BAR300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21-/29+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">BUP 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">BZO300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MDMA500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MET500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">MOP/OPI300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">MTD300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">OXY100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21-/29+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PCP 25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">TCA1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">24-/26+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">THC50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-/49+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25-/25+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">COC150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28+/22-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50+/0-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29+/21-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49+/1-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26+/24-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">FYL 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22-/28+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20-/30+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49-/1+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lot 3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0-/50+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23-/27+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">48-/2+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50-/0+</td></tr></table>

# b. Linearity/assay reportable range:

Not applicable. This device is intended for qualitative use only.

# c. Stability:

The device is stable at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 24 months based on real time stability study.

# d. Analytical specificity/Interference:

To test the specificity, drug metabolites and other components that are likely to cross-react in urine samples were spiked into drug-free urine. These urine samples were tested using three lots of the device.

Percent cross-reactivity, provided in the below table, was calculated as the cutoff concentration divided by the concentration of analyte tested that yielded a positive result, multiplied by 100.

<table><tr><td>Drug/Cutoff</td><td>Compound</td><td>Minimum concentration required to obtain a positive result</td><td>% Cross- Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="22">AMP 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)-Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diethylstilbestrol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxynorephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Norephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxyamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxyethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">BAR 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alphenal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aprobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butabarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butethal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclopentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pentobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butalbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Barbital</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">BUP 10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine-3-D-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norbuprenorphine-3-D-Glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18">BZO 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">a-Hydroxyalprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alprazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bromazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clobazam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clorazepate Dipotassium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desalkylflurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Estazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flunitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Lorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Midazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitrazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norchlordiazepoxide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordiazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">R,S-Lorazepam glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Temazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triazolam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Demoxepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Flurazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lormetazepam</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">COC 150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoylecogonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaethylene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cocaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">125</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="13">MDMA 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)-Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">d,1-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET 500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxy-n-ethylamphetamine(MDEA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">8.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenfluramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">p-Hydroxymethamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Methamphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Phenylethylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mephetermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">75000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Amphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(+/-)3,4-Methylenedioxyamphetamine(MDA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethobenzamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1-phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(1R,2S)-(-)-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phentermine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="14">MOP/OPI300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">120%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EthylMorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">150%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Heroin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">60%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalorphine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">s-Monoacetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-3-β-d-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine-6-β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-Acetylcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Normorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norpropoxyphene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">MTD 300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-Methadone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha Methadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disopyramide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Esomeprazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="16">OXY 100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethyl Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydromorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levorphanol tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymorphone-3β-D-glucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxycodone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noroxymorphone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.4%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dihydrocodeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.8%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Codeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Morphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Buprenorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thebaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">6-acetylmorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">PCP 25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PCP (Phencyclidine)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Hydroxyphencyclidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">167%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="15">TCA 1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amitriptyline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">333.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Imipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norclomipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">250</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">400%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordoxepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nortriptyline hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimipramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;1%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="9">THC 50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ8-THC-9-COOH</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.25%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(-)-11-nor-9-carboxy-Δ9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-11-nor-9-Carboxy-∆9-THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-nor-Δ9-THC -carboxyglucuronide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11-hydroxy-Δ9-Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ8- Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Δ9- Tetrahydrocannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabinol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&gt;100000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">&lt;0.05%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">FYL 1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.005%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ocfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Butyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2.5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>40%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Furanyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>20%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Valeryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluorobutyryl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>(±)-3-cis-methyl fentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Carfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sufentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>5000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.02%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2500</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.04%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cyclopropylfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>3</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>33.3%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Remifentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcarfentanil</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Acetyl morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphineglucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Codeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dextromethorphan</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dihydrocodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EDDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>EMDP</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fluoxetine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Heroin</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydrocodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Hydromorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Levorphanol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Meperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine-3-glucuronide</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naloxone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Naltrexone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norbuprenorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norcodeine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Norketamine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normeperidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Normorphine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Noroxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxymorphone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pentazocine (Talwin)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Pipamperone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Risperidone</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tapentadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Thioridazine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tilidine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-O-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Tramadol-N-Desmethyl</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Isotonitaze</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&gt;100000</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>&lt;0.001%</td></tr></table>

To evaluate potential interference, non-structurally related compounds were added to drug-free urine and to urine samples containing the target drugs at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above each corresponding cutoff.

Compounds that show no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3-Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitroglycerin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetaminophen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diphenhydramine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nordoxepin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetone(1000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Disopyramide(except MTDtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetophenetidin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norfentanyl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DL-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acyclovir</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dopamine HCl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albumin(100mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxepin(except TCA test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Albuterol sulfate(Proair HFA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Doxylamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Olanzapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alpha Methadol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Duloxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Omeprazole</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminophylline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxalic acid (100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aminopyrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EMDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Amoxicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ampicillin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Erythromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Paliperidone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Apomorphine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EsomeprazoleMagnesium(except MTD test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aripiprazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ethanol(1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Penicillin-G</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ascorbic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fenoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PenicillinV Potassium</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspartame</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluoxetine Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Aspirin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fluphenazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenacetin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atomoxetine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furosemide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atorvastatin Calcium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gabapentin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenethylamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Atropine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Galactose (10mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Phenylpropanolamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Azithromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gamma Globulin (500mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzilic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gatifloxacin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Gentisic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Procaine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzoic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Glucose (3000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Promethazine(except TCAtest)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzphetamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hemoglobin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propoxyphene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bilirubin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydralazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Boric Acid (1%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydrocortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quetiapine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Hydroxytyramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Quinine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cannabidiol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ibuprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Riboflavin (10mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isoxsuprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Rifampicin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carfentanil(except FYL test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefradine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Ephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloralhydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">L-phenylephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sildenafil Citrate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloroquine(except MET test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LAAM HCI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simvastatin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levonorgestrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Telmisartan</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-Dglucuronide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ciprofloxacin Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone, 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citalopram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisinopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clarithromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Estrogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol Hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methapyrilene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethobenzamide</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D-Pseudoephedrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine (exceptAMP/MET test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Epinephrine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea (2000mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Isoproterenol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole (300ug/ml)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Octopamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mifepristone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic acid (250ug/ml)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Propranolol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine HCl</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NaCl (4000mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Delorazepam(except BZOtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxonehydrochloride(except OXYtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin C</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zaleplon</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desloratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr></table>

Interference by $\mathsf { p H }$ and specific gravity were also evaluated using pooled urine specimens with concentrations of 0 (drug-free), at $50 \%$ below and $50 \%$ above each corresponding cutoff. The results demonstrated that $\mathsf { p H }$ levels of 4 to 9 and specific gravity levels of 1.000 to 1.035 do not affect the results of the assays.

# B. Method comparison study

The method comparison studies for the device were performed in-house with three operators. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered urine clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC-MS/MS results. The results are presented in the table below:

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drugtest</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Test Result</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug-Free</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than -50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between -50% and theCutoff)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Near CutoffPositive byLC-MS/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">High Positiveby LC-MS/MS(greater than+50%)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MOP/OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">14</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">26</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">29</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">27</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">15</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">30</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">17</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="6">FYL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorB</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OperatorC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">16</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">12</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">13</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr></table>

Discordant Results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sample Number</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">LC/MS/MSResult (ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accurate Result</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0957</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">494.481</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0949</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">491.559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0966</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">619.861</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0949</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">491.559</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0966</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">619.861</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0756</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">304.564</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0733</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">294.112</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0728</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">271.093</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0756</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">304.564</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1328</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">11.971</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1364</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.635</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1331</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10.385</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1353</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">9.149</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0840</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306.319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0825</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">297.539</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0840</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306.319</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0818</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">261.170</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0538</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122.809</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0557</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151.609</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0538</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">122.809</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0557</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">151.609</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">498.645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0219</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">498.645</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">503.780</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0220</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">503.780</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">514.414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">482.955</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">514.414</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1066</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">482.955</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MOP/OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">337.839</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289.278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0129</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">337.839</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0108</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">289.278</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0608</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299.063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0615</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300.546</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0618</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">295.461</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0608</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">299.063</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0630</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">306.162</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0314</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.815</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0356</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">98.859</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0309</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">104.534</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="5">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0426</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">23.006</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.355</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0441</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.891</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0456</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">22.017</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N0459</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25.355</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1106</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">981.923</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1146</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1025.476</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1123</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1038.965</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1140</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">981.903</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.942</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1227</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">49.942</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1236</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50.876</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="13">FYL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.917</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1425</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.024</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">A</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1402</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.917</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1420</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.872</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1422</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.079</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.906</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">B</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1447</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1439</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.015</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1442</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.906</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1447</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.013</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">C</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N1465</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.920</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+</td></tr></table>

# C. Lay person study

A lay user study was performed at three intended user sites with 140 lay persons. 48 males and 92 females tested AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel. They had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and their ages ranged from 21 to $> 5 0$ . Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $- 1 0 0 \%$ , $+ / - 7 5 \%$ , $+ / - 5 0 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drug(s) into drug freepooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the samples were confirmed by LC-MS/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample, and a device. The results are summarized below.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MOP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FYL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Agreement (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100.0%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Participants were given surveys on the ease of understanding the instruction for use. All participants indicated that the device instruction is easy to understand and follow. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

Clinical Studies: Not applicable.

# 13. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the device including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison, and lay-user studies of the devices, it is concluded that AllTest Multi-Drug Urine Test Panel and AllTest Multi-Drug Rapid Urine Test Panel are substantially equivalent to the predicate device.