Microgenics Corporation   
Nikhita Tandon   
Manager, Regulatory Affairs   
46500 Kato Road   
Fremont, California 94538

Dear Nikhita Tandon:

We have reviewed your section $5 1 0 ( \mathrm { k } )$ premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Joseph Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry   
and Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

510(k) Number (if known) K243498

Device Name Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit

Indications for Use (Describe)

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of benzodiazepines and their metabolites in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ ${ 0 . 7 0 0 \ \mathrm { { \mu m o l / L } ) } }$ on the Alinity c analyzer.

The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a rapid analytical screening procedure to detect benzodiazepines in human urine. This assay is calibrated against oxazepam. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only.

The semiquantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC- MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.

Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) Summary K243498

# I. Device Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Contact Details</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sponsor:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Microgenics CorporationThermo Fisher Scientific46500 Kato RoadFremont, CA 94538, USAPhone: 925-208-7045</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Correspondent Contact Information:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nikhita TandonManager, Regulatory AffairsEmail: Nikhita.tandon@thermofisher.comPhone:925-208-7045</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Name</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Device Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Benzodiazepine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Legally Marketed Predicate Device</td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Premarket Notification Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>K173963</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Trade Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Benzodiazepine Assay</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Common Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Benzodiazepine Test System</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Classification Name:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Enzyme Immunoassay, Benzodiazepine</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Regulation Number:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>21 CFR 862.3170</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate Product Code:</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>JXM</td></tr></table>

II. Date Summary Prepared November 11, 2024

# III. Description of Device

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay with liquid ready to-use reagents. The assay uses a specific antibody that can detect most benzodiazepines and their metabolites in urine. The assay is based on competition between a drug labeled with glucose-6- phosphate dehydrogenase (G6PDH), and free drug from the urine sample, for a fixed amount of specific antibody binding sites. In the absence of free drug from the sample, the specific antibody binds the drug labeled with G6PDH and causes a decrease in enzyme activity. In the presence of free drug, the free drug occupies the antibody binding sites, allowing the drug bound G6PDH to interact with the substrate, resulting in enzyme activity. This phenomenon creates a direct relationship between the drug concentration in urine and enzyme activity. The enzyme activity is determined spectrophotometrically at 340 nm by measuring the conversion of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD) to NADH.

Benzodiazepines are sedative-hypnotic drugs, which are subject to abuse. Benzodiazepines are structurally similar and include a wide variety of drugs such as alprazolam, chlordiazepoxide, diazepam, lorazepam, oxazepam, and triazolam. They are absorbed and metabolized at different rates, resulting in various psychoactive effects. Baselt describes the metabolism and toxicology of numerous benzodiazepines, including alprazolam, bromazepam, chlordiazepoxide, clobazam, clonazepam, clorazepate, diazepam, estazolam, flunitrazepam, flurazepam, halazepam, lorazepam, medazepam, midazolam, nitrazepam, oxazepam, prazepam, quazepam, temazepam, and triazolam.

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit is a first-line device, which may be used by medical personnel, along with clinical observations, as an aid for indicating Benzodiazepine abuse through detection of benzodiazepines or their metabolites in urine

IV. Intended Use

A. Indications for Use: See indications for use below.

B. Intended Use:

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit is a homogeneous enzyme immunoassay intended for the qualitative and/or semiquantitative determination of the presence of benzodiazepines and their metabolites in human urine at a cutoff concentration of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ $0 . 7 0 0 \mu \mathrm { m o l } / \mathrm { L } )$ on the Alinity c analyzer.

The assay is intended to be used in laboratories and provides a rapid analytical screening procedure to detect benzodiazepines in human urine. This assay is calibrated against oxazepam. This product is intended to be used by trained professionals only. The semiquantitative mode is for the purpose of enabling laboratories to determine an appropriate dilution of the specimen for confirmation by a confirmatory method such as Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC- MS/MS) or permitting laboratories to establish quality control

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

procedures.

The assay provides only a preliminary analytical test result. A more specific alternative chemical method must be used to obtain a confirmed analytical result. Gas Chromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS) or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatory method.1, 2 Clinical and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly when preliminary results are used. For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.

# V. Comparison to Predicate Device

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCharacteristicsDRI Benzodiazepine Assay (K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Indications forUse</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See intended use below for indications use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">See intended use below for indications use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Intended Use</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The DRl® Benzodiazepine Assay is ahomogeneous enzyme immunoassayintended for the qualitative and/or semi-quantitative determination of the presence ofbenzodiazepines and their metabolites inhuman urine at a cutoff concentration of 200ng/mL. The assay is intended to be used inlaboratories and provides a rapid analyticalscreening procedure to detectbenzodiazepines in human urine. The assayis designed for use with a number of clinicalchemistry analyzers. This assay is calibratedagainst Oxazepam. This product is intendedto be used by trained professionals only.The semi-quantitative mode is for the purposeof enabling laboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of the specimen forconfirmation by a confirmatory method suchas Liquid Chromatography/tandem mass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit is ahomogeneous enzyme immunoassay intendedfor the qualitative and/or semiquantitativedetermination of the presence ofbenzodiazepines and their metabolites inhuman urine at a cutoff concentration of 200ng/mL (0.700 µmol/L) on the Alinity c analyzer.The assay is intended to be used inlaboratories and provides a rapid analyticalscreening procedure to detectbenzodiazepines in human urine. This assay iscalibrated against oxazepam. This product isintended to be used by trained professionalsonly.The semiquantitative mode is for the purposeof enabling laboratories to determine anappropriate dilution of the specimen forconfirmation by a confirmatory method such asLiquid Chromatography/Tandem Mass</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical with exception to thebrand name of the device andnaming of the clinicalchemistry analyzer. This doesnot impact the intended use ofdevice.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characerristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceCharacteristics[DRI Benzodiazepine Assay (K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permittinglaboratories to establish quality controlprocedures.The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specificalternative chemical method must be used toobtain a confirmed analytical result. Gaschromatography/ mass spectrometry(GC/MS) or Liquid chromatography/tandemmass spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) is thepreferred confirmatory method.Clinical and professional judgment should beapplied to any drug of abuse test result,particularly when preliminary results are used.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Spectrometry (LC-MS/MS) or permittinglaboratories to establish quality controlprocedures.The assay provides only a preliminaryanalytical test result. A more specificalternative chemical method must be used toobtain a confirmed analytical result. GasChromatography/Mass Spectrometry (GC/MS)or Liquid Chromatography/Tandem MassSpectrometry(LC-MS/MS) is the preferred confirmatorymethod.Clinical and professional judgment should beapplied to any drug of abuse test result,particularly when preliminary results are used.For In Vitro Diagnostic Use Only.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">FDA ProductCode</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">JXM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dentical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DeviceClassificationand Name</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3170, ENZYMEIMMUNOASSAY, BENZODIAZEPINEBenzodiazepine test system, 91  Toxicology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">21 CFR 862.3170, ENZYME IMMUNOASSAY,BENZODIAZEPINEBenzodiazepine test system, 91  Toxicology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dentical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">OperatingPrinciple(Technology)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay(K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Measured Analyte</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines and their metabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Benzodiazepines and their metabolites</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Test Matrix</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Human Urine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">dentical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cut-off Levels</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">200 ng/mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methodology</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Homogeneous Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Materials</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody/Substrate Reagent containsactive ingredients: sheep polyclonal anti-benzodiazepine antibodies, glucose-6-phosphate (G6P) and nicotinamide adeninedinucleotide (NAD) and Inactive ingredients:TRIS buffer, bovine serum albumin (BSA).Preservative: sodium azideEnzyme Conjugate Reagent contains activeingredients: benzodiazepine derivative labeledwith glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase(G6PDH) and Inactive ingredients: TRISbuffer, BSA. Preservative: sodium azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody/Substrate Reagent containsactive ingredients: Anti-benzodiazepine sheeppolyclonal antibodies, glucose-6-phosphate(G6P) and nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide(NAD) and Inactive ingredients: TRIS buffer,bovine serum albumin (BSA). Preservative:sodium azideEnzyme Conjugate Reagent contains activeingredients: benzodiazepine derivative labeledwith glucose-6-phosphate dehydrogenase(G6PDH) and Inactive ingredients: TRIS buffer,BSA. Preservative: sodium azide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Reagent Form</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready-to-useReagents are sold in three sizes, 18 mL, 100mL and 500 mL kits.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Liquid ready-to-useReagents are sold as 2 cartridges per kit with250 tests per cartridge and 500 tests per kitVolume of R1 per cartridge: 32.2 mLVolume of R2 per cartridge: 31.8 mL</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical Formulation. Kitavailable in different sizes</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Antibody</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep Polyclonal Anti-benzodiazepineantibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sheep Polyclonal Anti-benzodiazepineantibodies</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr></table>

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

# Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit Special Premarket Notification

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Storage</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">28°C until expiration date</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Principal Operator</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trained professionals</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Instrument</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Beckman Coulter AU680 Clinical ChemistryAnalyzer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alinity c Analyzer System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different analyzers, but bothmeet the followingrequirements: Automatedclinical analyzers capable ofmaintaining a constanttemperature, pipetting, mixingreagents, measuringenzymatic rates at 340 nm and[timing the reaction accurately.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay[(K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Package Insert</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Header and footer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Header and footer</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different, candidate device'sheader and footer has beenmodernized to reflect presentabeling regulation andpractices and branding</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan=21 colspan=2>Characteristics</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Characteristics</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Predicate Device</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=3>Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>Comparison</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=3>RI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay(K173963)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Additional I</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>cYanmaGnYellowb</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=3>Additional Material</td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>Calibrators and Controls areIdentical in formulation butassigned different Ref.numbers.DOA MC Cals/controls containOxazepam and are traceableto the Oxazepam drugpurchased from a commercial</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=2></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Ref</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Kit Description</td><td></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Ref</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Kit Description</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=2>08P6306</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Alinity c DOA MC NegativeCalibrator Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1664</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Negative Calibrator, 10 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>b</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1388</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Negative Calibrator, 25 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>09P5201</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c Benzodiazepines QualCalibrator Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1588</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 1,10 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>09P5202</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c BenzodiazepinesSemiquant Calibrator Kit</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1589</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 1,25 mL</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>08P6318</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Alinity c DOA MC I Controls</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>1591</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 2,10 mL</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=8 colspan=3></td><td rowspan=8 colspan=1>source which is established at98% purity.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>′</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1592</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 2,25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1594</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 3,10 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=5 colspan=3>1595   DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 3,25 mL1597   DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator ,10 mL1598   DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 4,225 mMLDOAT-4MAS® DOA Total-Level 4DOAT-5MAS® DOA Total-Level 5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1595</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 3,25 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1597</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator ,10 mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1598</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DRI Multi-Drug Urine Calibrator 4,225 mML</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DOAT-4</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MAS® DOA Total-Level 4</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>DOAT-5</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>MAS® DOA Total-Level 5</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td rowspan="2">Candidate Device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td rowspan="2">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>(K173963) Precautions and Warnings Precautions and Warnings</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td>The reagents are harmful if swallowed. DANGER: 1. The reagents contain ≤ 0.2% bovine serum albumin (BSA) and ≤0.5% Drug-specific antibody (Sheep). Avoid contact with skin and mucous membranes. Avoid inhalation. May cause skin or inhaled allergic reaction. all human-sourced materials and all 2. In the case of accidental spill, clean and dispose of material according to your laboratory&#x27;s Standard Operating Procedure,</td><td>[IVD] For In Vitro Diagnostic Use [Rx Only] Safety Precautions CAUTION: This product requires the handling of human specimens. It is recommended that</td><td>Different, candidate device precautions and warnings have been modernized to reflect present safety regulations.</td></tr><tr><td>local, and state regulations. 3. In the case of damaged packaging on arrival, contact your technical support representative. 4. Reagents used in the assay components contain ≤0.09% sodium azide. Avoid contact with skin and mucous membranes. Refer to Safety Data Sheet for additional precautions,</td><td>consumables contaminated with potentially infectious materials be considered potentially infectious and handled in accordance with the OSHA Standard on Bloodborne Pathogens. Biosafety Level 2 or other appropriate regional, national, and institutional biosafety practices should be used for materials that contain, are suspected of containing, or are contaminated with infectious agents.5-8</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>handling instructions, and accidental exposure apply to: [R1]</td><td>The following warnings and precautions</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>treatment.</td><td>Contains sodium azide. EUH032 Contact with acids liberates very</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>H317 - May cause allergic skin reaction. H334 - May cause allergy or asthma symptoms or breathing difficulties if inhaled. Avoid breathing mist or vapor. Contaminated</td><td>toxic gas.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>work clothing should not be allowed out of the workplace. Wear protective gloves/eye protection/face protection. In case of to: [R2] linadequate</td><td>P501 The following warnings and precautions apply</td><td>Dispose of contents / container in accordance with local regulations.</td></tr></table>

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay(K173963)</td><td colspan="2" rowspan="3">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="10">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="8"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="8">ventilation wear respiratory protection. If onskin: Wash with plenty of soap and water. IFNHALED: If breathing becomes difficult,remove victim to fresh air and keep at rest in apositioncomfortable for breathing. If skin irritation orrash occurs: Get medical advice/attention. Ifexperiencing respiratory symptoms: Call aPOISON CENTER or doctor/physician. Washcontaminated clothing before reuse. Disposeof contents/container to location in accordancewith local/regional/national/internationalregulations.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">WARNING</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contains tromethaminehydrochloride* and sodium azide.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">H316*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Causes mild skin irritation.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">EUH032</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Contact with acids liberates verytoxic gas.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Response</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P332+P313*</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">If skin irritation occurs: Get medicaladvice / attention.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Disposal</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">P501</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dispose of contents / container inaccordance with local regulations.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="1">Not applicable where regulation EC1272/2008 (CLP) or OSHA HazardCommunication 29 CFR 1910.1200 (HCS)2012have been implemented.Follow local chemical disposal regulationsbased on your location along withrecommendations and content in theSafety Data Sheet to determine the safedisposal of this product.For the most current hazard information, seethe product Safety Data Sheet.Safety Data Sheets are available atwww.corelaboratory.abbott or contact yourlocal representative</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay</td><td colspan="2">Candidate Device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td></td><td rowspan="6">(K173963) Specimen Collection and Preparation Collect urine specimens in plastic or glass assayed.</td><td colspan="2">Specimen Collection and Preparation The specimen type used for this assay is human</td><td rowspan="6">Different, candidate device specimen collection and preparation has been modernized to reflect present guidelines and provide clearer handling instructions.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="6">containers. Care should be taken to preserve the chemical integrity of the urine sample from the time it is collected until the time it is Specimens kept at room temperature that do not receive initial test within 7 days5 of arrival</td><td colspan="2">urine only. The specimen type listed below was verified for</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">use with this assay. Specimen Collection Vessel Special</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">Type Urine at the laboratory may be placed into a secure refrigeration unit at 2-8°C for two months.6 For</td><td>Conditions Clean plastic or Testing of fresh urine</td></tr><tr><td>glass container specimens</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="2">be stored at -20°C.6, 7 Laboratories following the SAMHSA mandatory guidelines should refer to</td><td rowspan="2"></td><td>is suggested. Samples within a pH range of 3 to</td></tr><tr><td>11 are suitable for testing with this assay.</td></tr></table>

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

<table><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay (K173963)</td><td>Candidate Device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Handle all urine specimens as if they were potentially infectious.</td><td>suspected, obtain another sample and forward both specimens to the laboratory for testing.</td><td>Adulteration of the urine specimen may cause erroneous results. If adulteration is suspected, obtain another specimen and forward both specimens to the laboratory for testing. An effort should be made to keep pipetted specimens free of gross debris. It is recommended</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>that highly turbid specimens be centrifuged before analysis.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Stored specimens must be inspected for</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>particulates. If present, mix with a low speed vortex</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>or by inversion and</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>centrifuge the specimen to remove particulates</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>prior to testing. Prepare frozen specimens as follows:</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Frozen specimens must be completely</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>thawed before mixing.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Mix thawed specimens thoroughly.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Visually inspect the specimens. If layering or</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>stratification is observed, mix until specimens</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>are visibly homogeneous.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>If specimens are not mixed thoroughly,</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>inconsistent results may be obtained.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Specimen Storage</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Analyze fresh specimens if possible.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Specimen Maximum Storage Tim</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Temperature</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr></table>

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

<table><tr><td rowspan="2">Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device</td><td colspan="2">Candidate Device</td><td rowspan="2">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay (K173963) Urine</td><td colspan="2">Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit Room</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="7"></td><td></td><td>Temperature 2 to 8°C</td><td>24 hours9 30 days10</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">If analysis will not be completed within the maximum storage recommendations, the urine should be frozen at or below -20°C.11 Repeated freeze/thaw cycles should be lavoided to minimize analyte deterioration.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">It is the responsibility of the individual laboratory to determine specific specimen stability criteria for</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">their laboratory per their laboratory workflow.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">For additional information on sample handling and processing, refer to CLSI C52-ED3.11 The storage information provided here is based on references</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">maintained by the manufacturer. Stored specimens must be inspected for</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">particulates. If present, mix with a low-speed vortex or by inversion and centrifuge the specimen to remove particulates prior to testing.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="3">Specimen Shipping applicable state, federal, and international regulations covering the transport of clinical</td><td>Package and label specimens in compliance with</td><td></td></tr></table>

Microgenics Corporation Thermo Fisher Scientific, Clinical Diagnostics Division

# Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit Special Premarket Notification

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay(K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Do not exceed the storage limitations listed above.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay[(K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comparison</td></tr><tr></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">References4. Department of Health and Human Services.Notice of Mandatory Guidelines For FederalWorkplace Drug Testing Programs: Finalguidelines. Federal Register, SubstanceAbuse and Mental Health Administration(SAMHSA), (1994) 110 (June 9): 11983.5. Zaitsu K, Miki A, Katagi M, Tsuchihashi H.Long-term stability of various drugs andmetabolites in urine, and preventive measuresagainst their decomposition with specialattention to filtration sterilization. ForensicScience Intl 174 (2008) 189-196.. Gonzales E, Ng G, Pesce A, West C, WestR, Mikel C, Llaatyshev, S, Almazan P. Stabilityof pain-realted medications, metabolites andillicit substances in urine. Clinica Chimca Acta416: (2013) 30-35.7. C52-A2, Toxicology and Drug Testing in theClinical Laboratory; Approved Guideline Second Edition, Clinical and LaboratoryStandards Institute (CLSI) (April 2007).</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">References9. Dahlin JL, Palte MJ, LaMacchia J, PetridesAK. A Rapid Dilute-and-Shoot UPLC-MS/MSAssay to Simultaneously Measure 37 DrugsJand Related Metabolites in Human Urine forUse in Clinical Pain Management. J Appl LabMed 2019;3(6):974-992.10. Dixon RB, Mbeunkui F, Wiegel JV. Stabilitystudy of opioids and benzodiazepines in urinesamples by liquid chromatography tandemmass spectrometry. J Anal Sci Technol 2015;6(17).11. Clinical and Laboratory Standards Institute(CLSI). Toxicology and Drug Testing in theMedical Laboratory; Approved Guideline-Third Edition. CLSI Document C52. Wayne,PA: CLSI; 2017.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different, candidate devicelists citations/referencesmodernized to representaccurate and presentguidelines.</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="4"></td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Kit Immunoassay (K173963)</td><td>Candidate Device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td>Performance Characteristics</td><td colspan="3">**Data on the IFU is representative. Actual values collected on the 2 devices à Predicate Device (Beckman Coulter AU680 Clinical Chemistry Analyzer) and on the Candidate Device (Alinity c Analyzer System), are not expected to be identical as they have been collected on different instruments, with different lots of reagents and samples. As demonstrated below, the results on both devices are proven to be substantially equivalent.</td></tr><tr><td>Characteristics</td><td>Predicate Device DRI Benzodiazepine Enzyme Immunoassay (K173963)</td><td>Candidate Device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit</td><td>Comparison</td></tr><tr><td rowspan="5"></td><td>Precision (Within- Laboratory Precision)</td><td>Precision (Within-Laboratory Precision and Reproducibility</td><td>Predicate Device and Candidate Device performance data are substantially equivalent in demonstrating precision (Within- Laboratory Precision) Additional reproducibility data is added to reflect the present guideline.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>For Within-Laboratory Precision the 200 ng/mL cutoff read as modes.</td><td>95% of samples spiked at levels - 25%, -50%, -75%, and -100% below negative and ≥95% of samples spiked at levels +25%, +50%, +75%, +100% above the 200 ng/mL cutoff read as positive in both qualitative and semi-quantitative</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>For Reproducibility In both qualitative and semiquantitative applications, 100% of samples at levels less than 200 ng/mL read as negative, and 100%</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>of samples at levels higher than 200 ng/mL read as positive.</td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td><td>Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit meets the acceptance criteria for precision (reproducibility) performance on multiple Alinity c clinical chemistry analyzer.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Candidate DeviceAlinity c Benzodiazepines ReagentKit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">DRI BenzodiazepineEnzymeImmunoassay(K173963)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy and Method Accuracy and Method Comparison</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device and CandidateDevice are substantially equivalentlin demonstrating Accuracy when theimmunoassay method (predicatedevice or candidate device at 200ng/mL cutoff) is compared to thereference confirmatory method LC-MS/MS in measuring patientsamples. Both devices showed90% negative sample, positivesample and overall percentagreement with LC-MS/MS.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy byRecovery and DilutionLinearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Accuracy by Recovery and DilutionLinearity</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate Device and CandidateDevice are substantially equivalentlin demonstrating dilution linearity[throughout the calibration range.For both devices. the %Recovery ofMean Observed Concentration inrelative to Expected (Target)Concentration for each sample metacceptance criterion (± 20% fromthe expected concentration).</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">→</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard Stability -N/A because thedevice is designed foruse with a number ofclinicalchemistry analyzers.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Onboard stability- 56 days, becausethe device is designed for use onspecific clinical chemistry analyzer-the Alinity platform</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate Device achieved on-board reagent stability of 56 days.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Characteristics</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Predicate DeviceDRI Benzodiazepine EnzymeImmunoassay (K173963)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Candidate DeviceAlinity c BenzodiazepinesReagent Kit</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Comparison</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">′</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen storage andstability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specimen storage and stability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compared to Predicate Device,Specimen storage and stability hasbeen modernized in the CandidateDevice to reflect accurate presentguidelines and provide clearerhandling instructions for specimenstorage and stability claim whencompared to the predicate device.Refer to the specimen collection andpreparation comparison under"package insert" section above forsupporting literature references.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">−</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity (crossreactivity -structurally relatedand unrelated)InterferenceSpecific GravityShelf-life Stability•  Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Specificity (crossreactivity - structurallyrelated and unrelated)InterferenceSpecific GravityShelf-life Stability•   Traceability</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Identical, as these performancestudies are not instrument dependent</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ProductLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Labeling ComponentLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Kit Labeling ComponentLabeling</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Different, candidate device kit andcomponent labeling have beenmodernized to reflect present thecurrent labeling regulation, safetypractices and branding.</td></tr></table>

# VI. Summary of Performance Testing

# A. Accuracy and Method Comparison: CLSI Guideline: EP09-A3 and CLSI EP12-A2.

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit demonstrated equivalent performance on the Alinity c analyzer when compared to the reference LC-MS/MS when using the qualitative and semiquantitative applications at a cutoff of $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ . For $2 0 0 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ cutoff assay, the positive agreement was $1 0 0 . 0 0 \%$ , negative agreement was $9 6 . 9 6 \%$ , and overall agreement was $9 8 . 4 1 \%$ in both qualitative and semiquantitative applications.

# B. Accuracy by Recovery and Dilution Linearity: CLSI Guideline: EP06-A

The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit underwent an Accuracy by Recovery and Dilution Linearity study to assess its dilution linearity and accuracy by recovery. The test mode used was semi- quantitative. A series of samples with expected concentrations ranging from $0 . 5 ~ \mathrm { { n g / m L } }$ to $1 0 5 1 . 5 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ were analyzed. The $\%$ recovery range for these samples was between $9 2 . 5 \%$ and $1 0 8 . 3 \%$ , indicating that the assay's accuracy by recovery was within the acceptable criteria of ± $20 \%$ from the expected concentration of each sample.

# C. On-Board Reagent Stability: CLSI Guideline: EP25-A

The study was conducted to determine if sample results were susceptible to drift when the reagents were stored for 56 days for qualitative application and stored for a minimum of 7 days for semiquantitative application on board the Alinity c analyzer while the instrument was in continuous running mode. Reagent On-Board stability studies for one lot stored on-board clinical analyzer (Alinity c) supports the claim of 56 days for qualitative and semi-quantitative modes.

# D. Precision: CLSI Guideline: EP05-A3

a. Within-Laboratory Precision Study The Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit demonstrated acceptable precision for both qualitative and semi-quantitative applications. Greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ of samples spiked at levels $- 2 5 \%$ , $-50 \%$ , $- 7 5 \%$ , and - $100 \%$ below the cutoffs read as negative and greater than or equal to $9 5 \%$ of samples spiked at levels $+ 2 5 \%$ , $+ 5 0 \%$ , $+ 7 5 \%$ , $+ 1 0 0 \%$ above the cutoffs read as positive in both Qualitative and Semi-quantitative modes.

b. Reproducibility Study

Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit meets the acceptance criteria for precision (reproducibility) performance on multiple Alinity c clinical chemistry analyzers. In both qualitative and semiquantitative applications, $100 \%$ of samples at levels less than 200 ng/mL read as negative, and $100 \%$ of samples at levels higher than $2 0 0 \ : \mathrm { n g / m L }$ read as positive.

# VII. Conclusion

The information supports a determination of substantial equivalence between the candidate device Alinity c Benzodiazepines Reagent Kit and the predicate device DRI Benzodiazepine Assay (K173963).