Guangzhou Decheng Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
Mango Huang   
Regulatory Affairs Manager   
Floor 3/4/5/7, Building A1, No.12, Nanyun 1st Road Science City, Huangpu District   
Guangzhou, Guangdong 510663   
China

Re: K250067 Trade/Device Name: Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup; Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro Regulation Number: 21 CFR 862.3650 Regulation Name: Opiate test system Regulatory Class: Class II Product Code: NGL, NFT, PTH, NFV, NFY, PTG, NGG, NGM, QBF, QAW, NFW Dated: January 10, 2025 Received: January 10, 2025

Dear Mango Huang:

We have reviewed your section 510(k) premarket notification of intent to market the device referenced above and have determined the device is substantially equivalent (for the indications for use stated in the enclosure) to legally marketed predicate devices marketed in interstate commerce prior to May 28, 1976, the enactment date of the Medical Device Amendments, or to devices that have been reclassified in accordance with the provisions of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (the Act) that do not require approval of a premarket approval application (PMA). You may, therefore, market the device, subject to the general controls provisions of the Act. Although this letter refers to your product as a device, please be aware that some cleared products may instead be combination products. The 510(k) Premarket Notification Database available at https://www.accessdata.fda.gov/scripts/cdrh/cfdocs/cfpmn/pmn.cfm identifies combination product submissions. The general controls provisions of the Act include requirements for annual registration, listing of devices, good manufacturing practice, labeling, and prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. Please note: CDRH does not evaluate information related to contract liability warranties. We remind you, however, that device labeling must be truthful and not misleading.

If your device is classified (see above) into either class II (Special Controls) or class III (PMA), it may be subject to additional controls. Existing major regulations affecting your device can be found in the Code of Federal Regulations, Title 21, Parts 800 to 898. In addition, FDA may publish further announcements concerning your device in the Federal Register.

Additional information about changes that may require a new premarket notification are provided in the FDA guidance documents entitled "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99812/download) and "Deciding When to Submit a 510(k) for a Software Change to an Existing Device" (https://www.fda.gov/media/99785/download).

Your device is also subject to, among other requirements, the Quality System (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820), which includes, but is not limited to, 21 CFR 820.30, Design controls; 21 CFR 820.90, Nonconforming product; and 21 CFR 820.100, Corrective and preventive action. Please note that regardless of whether a change requires premarket review, the QS regulation requires device manufacturers to review and approve changes to device design and production (21 CFR 820.30 and 21 CFR 820.70) and document changes and approvals in the device master record (21 CFR 820.181).

Please be advised that FDA's issuance of a substantial equivalence determination does not mean that FDA has made a determination that your device complies with other requirements of the Act or any Federal statutes and regulations administered by other Federal agencies. You must comply with all the Act's requirements, including, but not limited to: registration and listing (21 CFR Part 807); labeling (21 CFR Part 801 and Part 809); medical device reporting (reporting of medical device-related adverse events) (21 CFR Part 803) for devices or postmarketing safety reporting (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart B) for combination products (see https://www.fda.gov/combination-products/guidance-regulatory-information/postmarketing-safetyreporting-combination-products); good manufacturing practice requirements as set forth in the quality systems (QS) regulation (21 CFR Part 820) for devices or current good manufacturing practices (21 CFR Part 4, Subpart A) for combination products; and, if applicable, the electronic product radiation control provisions (Sections 531-542 of the Act); 21 CFR Parts 1000-1050.

All medical devices, including Class I and unclassified devices and combination product device constituent parts are required to be in compliance with the final Unique Device Identification System rule ("UDI Rule"). The UDI Rule requires, among other things, that a device bear a unique device identifier (UDI) on its label and package (21 CFR 801.20(a)) unless an exception or alternative applies (21 CFR 801.20(b)) and that the dates on the device label be formatted in accordance with 21 CFR 801.18. The UDI Rule (21 CFR 830.300(a) and 830.320(b)) also requires that certain information be submitted to the Global Unique Device Identification Database (GUDID) (21 CFR Part 830 Subpart E). For additional information on these requirements, please see the UDI System webpage at https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advicecomprehensive-regulatory-assistance/unique-device-identification-system-udi-system.

Also, please note the regulation entitled, "Misbranding by reference to premarket notification" (21 CFR 807.97). For questions regarding the reporting of adverse events under the MDR regulation (21 CFR Part 803), please go to https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/medical-device-safety/medical-device-reportingmdr-how-report-medical-device-problems.

For comprehensive regulatory information about medical devices and radiation-emitting products, including information about labeling regulations, please see Device Advice (https://www.fda.gov/medicaldevices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory-assistance) and CDRH Learn (https://www.fda.gov/training-and-continuing-education/cdrh-learn). Additionally, you may contact the Division of Industry and Consumer Education (DICE) to ask a question about a specific regulatory topic. See the DICE website (https://www.fda.gov/medical-devices/device-advice-comprehensive-regulatory

Sincerely,

Joseph A.  Digitally signed by Joseph A. Kotarek -S Kotarek -S Date: 2025.02.20 09:07:05 -05'00'

Joseph Kotarek, Ph.D.   
Branch Chief   
Division of Chemistry and   
Toxicology Devices   
OHT7: Office of In Vitro Diagnostics   
Office of Product Evaluation and Quality Center for Devices and Radiological Health

Enclosure

<table><tr><td>DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES Food and Drug Administration Indications for Use</td><td>Form Approved: OMB No. 0910-0120 Expiration Date: 07/31/2026 See PRA Statement below.</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">510(k) Number (if known) K250067</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Device Name Dochek® Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Dochek® Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro Indications for Use (Describe) DoceMulDrreusse litaieslt i</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">human urine at the following cutoff concentrations. Drug (Identifier) Cut-off level Amphetamine (AMP) 1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Secobarbital (BAR) 300 ng/mL Buprenorphine (BUP) 10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Oxazepam (BZO) 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Cocaine (COC) 300 or 150 ng/mL 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP) 300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2">Methamphetamine (MET) 1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td colspan="2" rowspan="6">Morphine (MOP/OPI) 300 or 2000 ng/mL Methadone (MTD)</td></tr><tr><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone (OXY) 100 ng/mL Phencyclidine (PCP) 25 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

<table><tr><td colspan="2">Dok MulDr res u r s  he ali ete    </td></tr><tr><td>in human urine at the following cutoff concentrations.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Drug (Identifier)</td><td>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cocaine (COC)</td><td>300 or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methamphetamine (MET) Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Methadone (MTD)</td><td>300 or 2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td></td><td>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Fentanyl (FTY)</td><td>1 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td>Dochek Muli-DrugUrieTest up Prooffer anycinais from  to 17 drug but nly cuto ctra</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>under same drug condition will be included per device.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>For in vitro diagnostic use only.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>T u o</td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>specific alternate chemical method is needed. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.</td><td></td></tr></table>

Type of Use (Select one or both, as applicable)

Prescription Use (Part 21 CFR 801 Subpart D)

# CONTINUE ON A SEPARATE PAGE IF NEEDED.

This section applies only to requirements of the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995.

# \*DO NOT SEND YOUR COMPLETED FORM TO THE PRA STAFF EMAIL ADDRESS BELOW.\*

The burden time for this collection of information is estimated to average 79 hours per response, including the time to review instructions, search existing data sources, gather and maintain the data needed and complete and review the collection of information. Send comments regarding this burden estimate or any other aspect of this information collection, including suggestions for reducing this burden, to:

Department of Health and Human Services Food and Drug Administration Office of Chief Information Officer Paperwork Reduction Act (PRA) Staff PRAStaff@fda.hhs.gov

“An agency may not conduct or sponsor, and a person is not required to respond to, a collection of information unless it displays a currently valid OMB number.”

# 510(k) SUMMARY

# 510(k) number: K250067

1. Date:   
2. Submitter:

February 17, 2025   
Guangzhou Decheng Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
Address: Floor 3/4/5/7, Building A1, No.12, Nanyun 1st Road, Science City, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, 510663, P.R. China Contact Person: Mango Huang   
Contact Email Address: mango.huang@dochekbio.com   
Telephone: +86-020-82557192

# 3. Correspondent:

Guangzhou Decheng Biotechnology Co., Ltd.   
Address: Floor 3/4/5/7, Building A1, No.12, Nanyun 1st Road, Science City, Huangpu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, 510663, P.R. China Contact Person: Mango Huang   
Contact Email Address: mango.huang@dochekbio.com   
Telephone: (888) 695-5248

# 4. Device Name:

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

5. Classification:

Class II

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Product CodeTarget Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Regulation Section</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Panel</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFTAmphetamine (AMP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3100, Amphetamine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTHSecobarbital (BAR)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3150, Barbiturate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGLBuprenorphine (BUP)Morphine (MOP/OPI)Oxycodone (OXY)6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)Fentanyl (FTY)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3650, Opiate Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFVOxazepam (BZO)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3170, Benzodiazepine TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFYCocaine (COC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3250, Cocaine and cocainemetabolite test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">PTG2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)Methadone (MTD)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3620, Methadone Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGGMethylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3610,Methamphetamine Test System</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NGMPhencyclidine (PCP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Unclassified</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QBFPropoxyphene (PPX)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3700 Propoxyphene testsystem.</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">QAWNortriptyline (TCA)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3910 Tricyclic antidepressantdrugs test system</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NFWCannabinoids (THC)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">862.3870, Cannabinoids TestSystem</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Toxicology</td></tr></table>

# 6. Purpose for Submission

Modification of previously cleared devices (K232659) to add fentanyl device ( $1 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ cutoff).

# 7. Predicate Devices

K232659 Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Rx Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup

# 8. Intended Use

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro is an immunoassay for the qualitative determination of single or multiple drugs in human urine at the following cutoff concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro offers any combinations from 1 to 17 drugs but only one cutoff concentration under same drug condition will be included per device.

# For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The test provides only preliminary results. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method is needed. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is an immunoassay for the qualitative determination of single or multiple drugs in human urine at the following cutoff concentrations.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug (Identifier)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cut-off level</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 150 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP/OPI)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 2000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10 ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1 ng/mL</td></tr></table>

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup offers any combinations from 1 to 17 drugs but only one cutoff concentration under same drug condition will be included per device.

# It is intended for over-the-counter (OTC) use. For in vitro diagnostic use only.

The test provides only preliminary results. Clinical consideration and professional judgment should be applied to any drug of abuse test result, particularly in evaluating a preliminary positive result. To obtain a confirmed analytical result, a more specific alternate chemical method is needed. GC/MS or LC/MS is the recommended confirmatory method.

# 9. Device Description

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro and Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup are immunochromatographic assays that use a lateral flow system for the qualitative detection of single or multiple drugs in human urine at or above the cut-off levels as indicated. The products are single

use in vitro diagnostic medical devices.

This device is a cup format, with the test strips integrated into the plastic cup provided, and the urine sample is collected directly into the cup containing the strips. Each cup device is sealed in an aluminum foil pouch with two sachets of desiccant. The device is in a ready-to-use format and no longer requires assembly before use.

# 10. Substantial Equivalence Information

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Similarities</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Item</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Candidate device</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Predicate device(K232659)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Indication for use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative detection of drugs of abuse in urine.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Intended use</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>For medical and other professional use, or over-the-counter use.</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>For prescription useor over-the-counteruse.</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methodology</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Competitive binding, lateral flowimmunochromatographic assay based on antigen-antibody reaction</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Type of Test</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Qualitative</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Specimen Type</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Human urine</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=18 colspan=1>Target Drug andCutoff Value</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Target Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=18 colspan=1>Same exceptFentanyl (FTY) 1ng/mL</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Amphetamine (AMP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Secobarbital (BAR)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Buprenorphine (BUP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxazepam (BZO)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cocaine (COC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300 or 150</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methylenedioxymethamphetamine(MDMA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methamphetamine (MET)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000 or 500</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Morphine (MOP300/OPI2000)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2000 or 300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Methadone (MTD)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Oxycodone (OXY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>100</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Phencyclidine (PCP)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Propoxyphene (PPX)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>300</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Nortriptyline (TCA)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1000</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cannabinoids (THC)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Fentanyl (FTY)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Configurations</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test cup</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Same</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=4>Differences</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Number of drugsdetected</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>17(Add fentanyl device with 1 ng/mL cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td></tr></table>

# 11. Standard/Guidance Document Reference (if applicable) None referenced.

# 12. Test Principle

Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro or Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup is a competitive immunoassay that is used to screen for the presence of various drugs and drug metabolites in urine. It is chromatographic absorbent device in which, drugs within a urine sample, competitively combined to a limited number of drug monoclonal antibody (mouse) conjugate binding sites.

When the test is activated, the urine is absorbed into each test strip by capillary action, mixes with the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate, and flows across a pre-coated membrane. When drug in the urine sample is below the detection level of the test, respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate binds to the respective drug-protein conjugate immobilized in the Test Region (T) of the test strip. This produces a colored Test line in the Test Region (T) of the strip, which, regardless of its intensity, indicates a negative test result.

When drug level is at or above the detection level of the test, the free drug in the sample binds to the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate, preventing the respective drug monoclonal antibody conjugate from binding to the respective drug-protein conjugate immobilized in the Test Region (T) of the device. This prevents the development of a distinct colored band in the test region, indicating a preliminary positive result.

To serve as a procedure control, a colored line will appear at the Control Region (C) of each strip, if the test has been performed properly.

# 13. Performance Characteristics

# 13.1. Analytical Performance

# A. Precision/Reproducibility

Precision studies were carried out for samples with concentrations of $+ 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff, $+ 7 5 \%$ cutoff, $+ 5 0 \%$ cutoff, $+ 2 5 \%$ cutoff, cutoff, $- 2 5 \%$ cutoff, $- 5 0 \%$ cutoff, $- 7 5 \%$ cutoff and $- 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff. Samples with concentration of $- 1 0 0 \%$ cutoff were drug-free urines samples. Other samples were prepared by spiked target drug in drug-free urine samples. Each drug concentration was confirmed by LC-MS/MS. For each concentration, tests were performed two runs per day for 25 days using three lots of candidate device. The results for Fentanyl (FTY) are summarized in the following table. The precision data for Amphetamine (AMP), Secobarbital (BAR), Buprenorphine (BUP), Oxazepam (BZO), Cocaine (COC), 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Methamphetamine (MET), Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), Morphine (MOP300/OPI2000), Methadone (MTD), Oxycodone (OXY), Phencyclidine (PCP), Propoxyphene (PPX), Nortriptyline (TCA), Cannabinoids (THC) and 6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM) were reported in k232659.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LotNumber</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+100%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-25%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-50%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-75%cutoff</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-100%cut-off</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=3 colspan=1>FTY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot I</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>12-/38+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot II</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-/39+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Lot III</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0-/50+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>11-/39+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>50-/0+</td></tr></table>

# B. Linearity/assay reportable range

Not applicable. This device is intended for qualitative use only.

# C. Stability

The device is stable at $2 { - } 3 0 ^ { \circ } \mathrm { C }$ for 36 months based on real time stability study.

# D. Detection Limit

Not applicable.

# E. Analytical specificity/Interference

# a. Specificity and Cross-Reactivity

Analytical specificity for this device was determined through adding the potential interfering substances to drug-free urine samples. The relative cross-reactivity represents the minimum concentration necessary to yield a result similar to the cutoff level of the respective assay. The table below shows the minimum concentration of each compound that produced a positive result and its percent cross-reactivity. The cross-reactivity data for Amphetamine (AMP), Secobarbital (BAR), Buprenorphine (BUP), Oxazepam (BZO), Cocaine (COC), 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3- diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Methamphetamine (MET), Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), Morphine (MOP300/OPI2000), Methadone (MTD), Oxycodone (OXY), Phencyclidine (PCP), Propoxyphene (PPX), Nortriptyline (TCA), Cannabinoids (THC) and 6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM) were reported in k232659.

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Drug/Cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Compound</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Concentration(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">% Cross-Reactivity</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="18">Fentanyl (FTY)(Cutoff = 1 ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acetyl norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Acrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Butyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">40%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±)-3-cis-methylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4-Fluoro-isobutyrylfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Furanyl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">35.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">ω-1-Hydroxyfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">(±) β-hydroxythiofentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">66.7%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Isobutyryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ocfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1.8</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">55.6%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluorobutyrylfentanyl (p-FBF)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">4</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">25%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Para-fluoro fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">3</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">33.3%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sufentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valeryl fentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Alfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">5,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.02%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Despropionyl fentanyl (4-ANPP)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.005%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Remifentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norcarfentanil</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norfentanyl</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">10,000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0.01%</td></tr></table>

# b. Interfering Substances

To evaluate the potential interference, non-structurally related compounds were added to drug-free urine and to urine samples containing the target drugs at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above each corresponding cutoff level. Compounds that show no interference at a concentration of $1 0 0 \mu \mathrm { g / m L }$ are summarized in the following table.

<table><tr><td>Acetaminophen</td><td>Dopamine HCl</td><td>Noscapine</td></tr><tr><td>Acetone (1000 mg/dL)</td><td>Doxepin (except TCA test)</td><td>Octopamine</td></tr><tr><td>Acetylsalicylic acid</td><td>Duloxetine</td><td>O-Hydroxyhippuric acid</td></tr><tr><td>Acyclovir</td><td>Ecgonine methyl ester</td><td>Omeprazole</td></tr><tr><td>Albumin (100 mg/dL)</td><td>Ephedrine (except MET test)</td><td>Oxalic acid (100 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td>Albuterol sulfate (Proair HFA)</td><td>Erythromycin</td><td>Oxazepam (except BZO test)</td></tr><tr><td>Aminophylline</td><td>Esomeprazole Magnesium</td><td>Oxolinic acid</td></tr><tr><td>Aminopyrine</td><td>Ethanol (1%)</td><td>Oxymetazoline</td></tr><tr><td>Amitriptyline (except TCA test)</td><td>Fenoprofen</td><td>Paliperidone (except FTY test)</td></tr><tr><td>Amobarbital (except BAR test)</td><td>Fluoxetine Hydrochloride</td><td>Papaverine</td></tr><tr><td>Amoxicillin</td><td>Fluphenazine</td><td>Penicillin G</td></tr><tr><td>Ampicillin</td><td>Furosemide</td><td>PenicillinV Potassium</td></tr><tr><td>Apomorphine</td><td>Gabapentin</td><td>Perphenazine</td></tr><tr><td>Aripiprazole</td><td>Galactose (10 mg/dL)</td><td>Phenacetin (Acetophenetidin)</td></tr><tr><td>Aspartame</td><td>Gamma Globulin (500mg/dL)</td><td>Phencyclidine (except PCP test)</td></tr><tr><td>Atomoxetine</td><td>Gentisic acid</td><td>Phenelzine</td></tr><tr><td>Atorvastatin Calcium</td><td>Glucose (3000 mg/dL)</td><td>Phenobarbital (except BAR test)</td></tr><tr><td>Atropine</td><td>Hemoglobin</td><td>Prednisone</td></tr><tr><td>Azithromycin</td><td>Hydralazine</td><td>Pregablin</td></tr><tr><td>Benzilic acid</td><td>Hydrochlorothiazide</td><td>Propoxyphene (except PPX test)</td></tr><tr><td>Benzocaine</td><td>Hydrocortisone</td><td>Propranolol</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoic acid</td><td>Ibuprofen</td><td>Pseudoephedrine</td></tr><tr><td>Benzoylecgonine (except COC test)</td><td>Imipramine (except TCA test)</td><td>Quinine</td></tr><tr><td>Bilirubin</td><td>Isoproterenol</td><td>Ranitidine</td></tr><tr><td>Boric Acid (1%)</td><td>Isoxsuprine</td><td>Rifampicin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Bupropion (except FTY test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketamine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Risperidone (except FTY test)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Caffeine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ketoprofen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Salicylic acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Captopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Labetalol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Secobarbital (except BAR test)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Carbamazepine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levofloxacin Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Serotonin (5-Hydroxytyramine)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cefradine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levonorgestrel</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sertraline Hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cephalexin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Levothyroxine Sodium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sildenafil Citrate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloral hydrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lidocaine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Simvastatin</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chloramphenicol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Lisinopril</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulfamethazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorothiazide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loperamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Sulindac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpheniramine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Loratadine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-(β-D-glucuronide)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Chlorpromazine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Magnesium</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrocortisone 3-acetate</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cholesterol</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Maprotiline (except TCA test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tetrahydrozoline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Ciprofloxacin Hydrochloride</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meperidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Theophylline</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Citalopram</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Meprobamate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thiamine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clarithromycin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methapyrilene</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Thioridazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clomipramine (except TCAtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methaqualone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tramadol Hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clonidine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Methoxyphenamine (exceptMET test)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trazodone Hydrochloride</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Clozapine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metoprolol Tartrate</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Triamterene</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Conjugated Estrogens</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Metronidazole</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trifluoperazine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cortisone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Mifepristone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Trimethoprim</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cotinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">N-Acetylprocainamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Tyramine (except AMP test)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Creatinine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">NaCl (4000 mg/dL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Urea (2000 mg/dL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Cyclobenzaprine (except TCAtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nalidixic acid</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Uric acid</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Tryptophan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naloxone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Valproic acid (250 ug/mL)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">D,L-Tyrosine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naltrexone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Venlafaxine</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Deoxycorticosterone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Naproxen</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Verapamil</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Desipramine (except TCAtest)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Niacinamide</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin B2</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Dextromethorphan</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nicotine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Vitamin C (Ascorbic acid)</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diclofenac</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nifedipine</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Zomepirac</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Diflunisal</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Nitroglycerin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">β-Estradiol</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Digoxin</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Norethindrone</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1"></td></tr><tr><td>Diphenhydramine</td><td>Nortriptyline (except TCA test)</td><td></td></tr></table>

# c. Effect of Urinary $\mathbf { p H }$ and Specific Gravity

Interference by $\mathsf { p H }$ and specific gravity were also evaluated using pooled urine specimens with concentrations of 0 (drug-free), at $2 5 \%$ below and $2 5 \%$ above each corresponding cutoff. The results demonstrated that $\mathsf { p H }$ levels of 4 to 9 and specific gravity levels of 1.000 to 1.035 do not affect the results of the assays.

# 13.2 Method Comparison Study

A method comparison study for the candidate device was performed in-house by three operators. Operators ran 80 (40 negative and 40 positive) unaltered urine clinical samples for each drug. The samples were blind labeled and compared to LC-MS/MS results. The fentanyl results are presented in the table below. The accuracy data for Amphetamine (AMP), Secobarbital (BAR), Buprenorphine (BUP), Oxazepam (BZO), Cocaine (COC), 2-ethylidene-1,5-dimethyl-3,3-diphenylpyrrolidine (EDDP), Methamphetamine (MET), Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), Morphine (MOP300/OPI2000), Methadone (MTD), Oxycodone (OXY), Phencyclidine (PCP), Propoxyphene (PPX), Nortriptyline (TCA), Cannabinoids (THC) and 6-Monoacetylmorphine (6-MAM) were reported in k232659.

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drugtest</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=2>Test CupResult</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug-Free</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LowNegative byLC-MS/MS(less than-50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffNegative byLC-MS/MS(Between-50% andthe Cutoff)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Near CutoffPositive byLC-MS/MS(Betweenthe cutoffand +50%)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>HighPositive byLC-MS/MS(greaterthan +50%)</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=6 colspan=1>FTY</td><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer A</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>16</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=2 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>25</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>13</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>-</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>10</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>14</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>15</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>2</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0</td></tr></table>

Discordant results for fentanyl (FTY $1 \mathrm { n g / m L }$ ) are summarized below.   

<table><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Drug</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Operator</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Sample ID</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>LC-MS/MS Result(ng/mL)</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Dochek Result</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=4 colspan=1>FTY</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F046</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>0.945</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>+</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A, B, C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F062</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.012</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>−</td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer A, C</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F083</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.020</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr><tr><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>Viewer B</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>F049</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1>1.044</td><td rowspan=1 colspan=1></td></tr></table>

# 13.3. Lay Person Study

A lay user study was conducted at three intended user sites by 280 lay users using three lots of the candidate device. The lay users had diverse educational and professional backgrounds and ranged in age from 21 to ${ > } 5 0$ years. 68 male and 72 female tested the Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup for Configuration 1; 74 male and 64 female tested the Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup for Configuration 2. Urine samples were prepared at the following concentrations; $- 1 0 0 \% , + / - 7 5 \% , + / -$ $50 \%$ , $+ / - 2 5 \%$ of the cutoff by spiking drug(s) into drug free-pooled urine specimens. The concentrations of the drugs in these samples were confirmed by LC-MS/MS. Each sample was aliquoted into individual containers and blind-labeled. Each participant was provided with the package insert, 1 blind labeled sample and a device. The results are summarized below.

Results of Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup for Configuration 1:   

<table><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Drug</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Cutoff(ng/mL)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">Results</td><td colspan="7" rowspan="1">Drug Concentration</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-100%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-75%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-50%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">-25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+25%cutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+50%cuutoff</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">+75%cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3">b</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresultts (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OPI</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">2000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults  (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PPX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">6-MAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FTY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Results of Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup for Configuration 2:   

<table><tr><td rowspan="3">Drug</td><td rowspan="3">Cutoff (ng/mL)</td><td rowspan="3">Results</td><td colspan="7">Concentration</td></tr><tr><td>-100%</td><td>-75%</td><td>Drug -50%</td><td>-25%</td><td>+25%</td><td>+50%</td><td>+75%</td></tr><tr><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td><td>cutoff</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">AMP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BAR</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BUP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">BZO</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">COC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">150</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">EDDP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresullts (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MDMA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">MET</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">500</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="3"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MOP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">MTD</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">OXY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">100</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">2</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">18</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">90%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PCP</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">25</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">PPX</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">300</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">TCA</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1000</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">THC</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2">50</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="2"></td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">6-MAM</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">10</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">FTY</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="4">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Negative</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">19</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Positive</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">0</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">1</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Total</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">20</td></tr><tr><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">Percentage of correctresults (%)</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">95%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td><td colspan="1" rowspan="1">100%</td></tr></table>

Lay users completed given surveys on the ease of understanding the package insert. All participants indicated that the device instruction is easy to understand and follow. A Flesch-Kincaid reading analysis was performed on each package insert and the scores revealed a reading Grade Level of 7.

# 13.4 Clinical Studies

Not applicable.

# 14. Conclusion

Based on the test principle and performance characteristics of the device including precision, cut-off, interference, specificity, method comparison and lay-user studies of the devices, it’s concluded that Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup Pro and Dochek $\textsuperscript { \textregistered }$ Multi-Drug Urine Test Cup are substantially equivalent to the predicate devices.